'It was a dark and stormy night'.
'No children will be tolerated within the Great Kingdom'.
A Betazed delicacy.
A Betazoid woman, when she goes through this phase, quadruples her sex drive.
A Borg footprint?
A Captain Edwell.
A Captain does not reveal his personal feelings with his crew.
A Captain who's come to the poker game for the first time.
A Captain's rank means nothing to you.
A Circassian cat.
A Corvallen freighter has been destroyed not far from here.
A Dyson Sphere?
A Federation Medical transport was recently lost in that corridor.
A Federation deep space probe went off course and crashed on Barkon Four.
A Federation recon expedition certified Velara Three lifeless.
A Federation ship approaching at high warp.
A Federation starship.
A Federation starship?
A Federation trap!
A Federation vessel last visited this planet sixty two years ago, Captain.
A Ferengi cargo ship that went down in the Hanolin asteroid belt.
A Ferengi scientist.
A Ferengi ship within communications range also reports nothing unusual.
A Ferengi world.
A Frenchman with a talent for poker, from what I hear.
A Klingon Security officer.
A Klingon Targ!
A Klingon and a Corvallan trader were our witnesses.
A Klingon bird of prey.
A Klingon does not postpone a matter of honour.
A Klingon does not put his desires above those of his family or his friends.
A Klingon does not run away from his battles.
A Klingon ever breaks his word.
A Klingon is his work, not his family.
A Klingon male.
A Klingon school will be a better environment for you.
A Klingon ship, the P'rang, is on its way, but it's two days behind us.
A Klingon should place the good of the Empire above his own pride.
A Klingon sneeze?
A Klingon vessel is decloaking off our port bow.
A Klingon warrior.
A Klingon woman was found with Worf.
A Klingon would never allow himself to be captured.
A Klingon would not use poison.
A Klingon would rather die than be taken prisoner.
A Klingon's honour is more important to him than his life.
A Klingon's honour means more to him than his life.
A Lapling.
A Midsummer Night's Dream.
A Newtonian truism which you have obviously neglected.
A Promellian battle cruiser?
A Queen.
A Rekag shuttle strayed into Seronian space and was destroyed by fighter craft.
A Ressikan, I think he said.
A Romulan Commander's instinct would be to attack.
A Romulan battle cruiser strayed into Federation space.
A Romulan defector is almost a contradiction in terms.
A Romulan device.
A Romulan ship will arrive shortly.
A Rutian archaeological vessel.
A Starfleet Captain.
A Starfleet Commander is a valuable hostage.
A Starfleet officer is working with the director.
A Starfleet officer.
A Tamarin frost, please.
A Tarkassian razor beast.
A Toron class shuttlecraft.
A Varon-T disruptor.
A Vulcan moved to tears by music?
A Wind Dancer.
A Yridian destroyer.
A Zibalian trader of the Stacius trade guild, educated on Iraaten Five.
A bank of pre-processors compresses the data stream into pulses, you see.
A bat'leth.
A bat?
A battle exercise.
A battle.
A beacon?
A being created in a laboratory by genetic material taken from another being.
A being of your abilities would go far in the Empire.
A bell?
A beverage?
A big mistake that you did not accept my offer.
A biological curiosity, if you will.
A bizarre incident just took place.
A black hole.
A blind man develops better hearing.
A blind man teaching an android how to paint?
A blockade.
A bomb has been detonated by Ansata terrorists.
A boy, barely able to lift a bat'leth.
A boy.
A brand new era in astrophysics.
A brash young man, fresh out of the Academy.
A breach in the biosphere.
A breakdown of that could have caused a chain collapse of the antigrav fields.
A breakdown of the atomic cohesive structure.
A brief visit will be tolerated.
A briefcase that looks like a fish.
A bright light, and then here.
A bright light.
A broken seal.
A brush.
A bunch of us used to sing it together on the Rutledge.
A camellia.
A captain's log?
A card game doesn't exactly prepare me for this.
A carrier wave?
A cause for concern.
A celebration of life.
A celebration of what?
A celebration?
A cell has a an electromagnetic signature just like a circuit element does.
A cell, a single cell.
A cellular fossil?
A century out of date.
A ceremonial drink on Lerishi Four.
A certain giddy warmth.
A challenge.
A challenge?
A chance for your culture, your people, to survive and grow.
A chance to find peace.
A chance to talk to survivors so soon after an attack?
A chance you can't give him.
A change in energy readings, sir.
A change of mind, Doctor.
A chaperone?
A charity hospital near the waterfront.
A child might represent vulnerability.
A child this mature?
A child who is trusted becomes worthy of that trust.
A child!
A child, alone.
A child.
A child?
A chocolate sundae, for example.
A chroniton field?
A class eight probe is just over two metres long.
A cloaked Romulan ship?
A cloaked ship.
A cloaked vessel.
A cloaking device of some sort, to hide the entire base?
A cloaking device.
A clone!
A clone.
A code of honour protects one, Captain, like a magic cloak.
A coil surge wouldn't have resulted in field dissipation.
A coin.
A cold what?
A collection of genetic samples, then.
A collision course.
A colloquialism meaning a severe, rigid, closed-minded audience.
A colony on Malindi Seven.
A complete failure.
A complete synaptic reconstruction of your cerebral cortex.
A complex and expensive process.
A compound I made which will neutralise the particles that are making you ill.
A compressed teryon beam.
A concentration of antigraviton particles suggests a tractor beam.
A concert perhaps?
A concussive charge would blow out the security fields.
A confrontation between the Romulan Warbird and Tin Man is imminent.
A constructed being.
A contest, perhaps.
A continuous graviton beam.
A control panel.
A cook's only as good as his ingredients.
A core breach is again imminent.
A cosmic string?
A country?
A couple of cracked ribs.
A couple of hours, sir.
A couple of light years can't keep good friends apart.
A couple of weeks ago I got a message from my mother.
A court martial is standard procedure when a ship is lost.
A creature against whom we seem to have no defence.
A credit to her name.
A credit to your ship.
A critical analysis isn't necessarily the best response to a gift.
A crude analogue of our isolinear optical chip.
A cryogenic control conduit just blew out on us.
A curious question, Captain.
A curve as.
A curve as?
A cybernetic device serving on a starship.
A cybernetic organism like the Borg?
A damaged vessel, sir.
A dare devil stunt?
A date?
A day or two behind.
A day they cannot possibly remember.
A dead man.
A dead martyr's worth ten posturing leaders.
A deadline has a wonderful way of concentrating the mind.
A death without purpose.
A debt?
A defect that you hadn't noticed before?
A defection?
A delegation of the Cairn have just come on board.
A delicacy from the Caspian Sea on Earth It's a favourite of mine.
A development stage prototype schematic at Utopia Planitia.
A different rendezvous?
A dimensional jump can create subspace pressure modulation, Captain.
A diplomatic courtesy call is neither expected nor required.
A directive from the Continuum.
A dish fit for kings.
A dissatisfied customer?
A distance of three point eight billion kilometres.
A distillation of your own blood pyrocytes.
A distortion wave.
A distress call from a ship called the Kallisko.
A doctor heals the sick and repairs the injured.
A dollar?
A dominant and a recessive.
A door.
A door?
A dozen, a hundred, it's impossible to tell.
A dreadful one at that.
A dying man takes the time to mourn a man who will never know death.
A dynamic atmospheric disturbance of great intensity.
A face off.
A fact he reminded me of when I commented on what a pain in the neck you are.
A fair and balanced way to achieve a mutual sense of order.
A fairly routine manoeuvre but you handled it quite well.
A family?
A fat Ferengi.
A father figure.
A favour?
A feedback loop has formed in the transfer beam.
A feeling of great joy.
A few days after Juliana died, I activated the android.
A few days ago you wouldn't even talk to us.
A few even have children.
A few hours ago, we encountered a warship.
A few hours at most.
A few hours on board and already she's found Ten forward.
A few hours?
A few kilometres, why?
A few minor injuries.
A few minutes ago, you looked like someone with a question to ask.
A few minutes at most.
A few minutes later, Satler comes to the same bulkhead, now shut.
A few molecules off, the vapour point crashes, and poof!
A few more hours, Captain, but we've got some problems here.
A few more hours.
A few more questions, Mister Computer.
A few of us were just gathering together for our laughing hour.
A few rewards, but little glory.
A few seconds later he did, with the symptoms of an ear infection.
A few subspace anomalies, but nothing firm.
A few words, disconnected phrases.
A few years ago I started tinkering with one.
A fictional man?
A fighter?
A figure in loose clothing and slippers is currently up a ladder.
A file scan reveals no record of a Captain Picard currently visiting Risa.
A fine example for the others.
A fine ship, Commander.
A fine ship.
A fine, full, dignified beard.
A fingernail, a hair.
A firewall.
A firm hand.
A fish, Commander.
A fish.
A fixed programme could not have done that.
A flaw in the ship's design.
A flock of birds flying in formation.
A flood of them all at the same time.
A fluctuating anti-matter flow converter.
A fluctuation in the phase of the subspace field.
A fluctuation occurred while I was inside the matter stream?
A fly on the wall, huh?
A fly on the wall.
A force field was activated on the station a few moments ago.
A force field.
A force like that cannot possibly come from an image, Lutan.
A former crewman was born here.
A forty eight Packard with white walls.
A foul scheme of Robin Hood's.
A fraction of a second would make them invisible?
A fraud.
A friend for Worf.
A friendly one, I hope?
A frozen dessert on Tazna Five.
A full biographical listing is not available.
A full diagnostic of your intermix chamber wouldn't hurt either.
A full diagnostic would require us to take our systems offline.
A futile manoeuvre.
A gallant gesture, Robin, but a futile one.
A gateway?
A generous offer, since you know we were willing only to negotiate with T'Pel.
A genetic weakness of the race.
A gift for your Captain.
A gift from you, sir.
A gift, in honour of that occasion.
A gift, so you'll remember.
A girl with long dark hair broke my heart a long time ago.
A girlfriend?
A glass of warm milk and eight hours uninterrupted sleep.
A glass of wine?
A good crew.
A good engineer is always a wee bit conservative, at least on paper.
A good game needs rules and planning.
A good officer.
A good one.
A good scientist doesn't function by conjecture.
A good try, Counsellor.
A good try, Gowron, but not enough.
A grandfather?
A graveyard?
A great city.
A great critic.
A great deal, sir.
A great fear just ahead.
A great man has been lost.
A great many people are depending on our efforts here, Gul Lemec.
A great poet once said, 'all spirits are enslaved that serve things evil'.
A great starship in the far reaches of the galaxy.
A green vegetable with fleshy roots.
A grievous error.
A guardian of the Tkon Empire.
A guy walks into the doctor's office The doctor tells him you need an operation.
A handsome young man tossed a camellia onto her grave.
A happy ending.
A hard rain.
A hearing, certainly.
A hell of a team.
A heritage long since forgotten.
A hiccup is a spasmodic inhalation with closure of the glottis.
A higher setting may kill him.
A highly structured society.
A highwayman.
A holodeck Einstein programme seemed like the best way.
A holodeck character?
A holodeck object is just a simulation.
A hologram generator.
A holographic image should not be able to call for the arch.
A holographic image, I know.
A home which would look very different from Boraal.
A home.
A homing beacon, sent from Earth.
A hopefulness about the future.
A host and a symbiont, and in this fashion we have survived for millennia.
A hot milk toddy?
A human Starfleet officer found me.
A human and a J'naii?
A human custom.
A human emotion, and it was coming from Data.
A human female, Letek?
A human female.
A human idiosyncrasy, triggered by fascination with a particular set of facts.
A human joke.
A human metaphor, pardon me.
A humanoid girl.
A humanoid.
A hundred and two so far.
A hundred colonists down there.
A hundred kilogram baby, but still.
A hundred men!
A hundred?
A hypersonic pulse would overload the audio receptors of everyone in the room.
A hypospray he uses to treat his Ba'ltmasor Syndrome.
A hyposyringe was discovered in your quarters.
A hytritium explosion.
A jamoke?
A joke on me.
A joke, brother.
A joke?
A judge?
A jumper.
A jumping-off point into three Federation sectors.
A justified precaution, Counsellor.
A keyhole which intersects many other quantum realities.
A kind of beacon.
A kind of brother.
A laboratory experiment would be the closest comparison.
A large mass approaching at warp speed.
A large plasma field, highly disruptive.
A laser welder can be deadly.
A laugh is one step in the right direction.
A lead ball propelled by gunpowder.
A leader must stand alone.
A legacy of your Progenitors, Radue.
A legal intercessor's office.
A letter to Riker.
A letter to his wife and daughter.
A lie I can live with.
A lie, Gul Macet.
A life form?
A life of ease, of reflection and intellectual challenge, or this.
A life.
A lifeform?
A lifetime of discipline washed away, and in its place bedlam.
A lifetime spent building emotional barriers.
A line, as the unending horizon.
A liquid, dark.
A little Spartan.
A little atmosphere.
A little bit of control of every situation.
A little cleaning service I'm only too than happy to provide.
A little exploring.
A little foggy.
A little more seasoned.
A little more time.
A little over eight hours.
A little premature, aren't we?
A little present?
A little rest isn't going to change the computer analysis, Commander.
A little shaken but all right.
A little sleep, thanks to the good Doctor, works wonders.
A little something for those cocktail waitresses.
A little something for you, Ziggy.
A little something for you, too.
A little stiff.
A little stuffy for my taste.
A little time together?
A little trigonometry, some minor wrist action.
A little?
A long period of time.
A long time dead.
A long time now.
A long time to be alone.
A long time to wait to see if you're right.
A long way from home.
A long way.
A long-winded description of a very simple business arrangement.
A loose alliance formed in the early part of the twenty second century.
A lost cause.
A lost temper could result in murder.
A lot better, thank you.
A lot has changed in the past three hundred years.
A lot longer.
A lot more people are going to die.
A lot more.
A lot of changes, Lieutenant.
A lot of changes.
A lot of charged-particle precipitation, but I can compensate.
A lot of people are depending on us.
A lot of questions, Number One.
A lot of the artefacts had been stolen.
A lot of things can change in twelve years, Admiral.
A lot of things can happen in twenty five years.
A lot of things can happen.
A lot of things.
A lot of unnecessarily long words.
A lot's happened in the last few hours.
A low intensity beam of intermittent pulse inside this starship.
A low stun setting at just the right moment might do the trick.
A lucky guess.
A machine!
A machine?
A magnetic storage bay.
A main fusion source.
A malfunction.
A man can't be held responsible for what his mind does while he's asleep.
A man could have died.
A man for all seasons.
A man goes to a store to buy some kidneys.
A man is ill, Captain.
A man more interested in Krieger waves than in a lovely woman like you.
A man of limitless accomplishments, and unbridled modesty.
A man of rare gifts.
A man your age must work to keep himself in shape.
A man's game has no wild cards.
A man's got to make a living.
A manipulation effect in the Borg ship's subspace field.
A manoeuvre was being made.
A map of the ruins?
A marshal of France?
A massive failure of the environmental support systems.
A mating process.
A matter of minutes.
A matter of time.
A means of identification?
A member of my crew was being held unjustly.
A memento.
A memorial service helps to give everyone a sense of completion.
A mere change of direction hardly justifies mutiny.
A message from planet Haven, Counsellor.
A metal swing arm.
A metamorph?
A metaphor.
A metaphor?
A micro-optic drill through the ceiling.
A microscopic ciliated lifeform.
A military pacifist.
A millisecond, a year, it wouldn't make any difference.
A mind-meld?
A miniature holodeck?
A minor mystery?.
A minute.
A mischievous spirit.
A mistake I might have made in your place.
A mistake.
A mob at the medical facility almost killed him.
A mode of travel I'd encourage you to avoid.
A mode stabiliser.
A mode stabilizer.
A month?
A moral judgment from a machine.
A morathial series?
A more central location will carry added meaning.
A more detailed investigation would resolve many of our questions.
A more than passing grade, no doubt.
A most interesting conclusion.
A most interesting occupation.
A most regrettable event, of course.
A most significant step.
A most thoughtful and generous offer, but Timicin has obligations at home.
A most thoughtful gift.
A mother shapes her child in ways she doesn't even realise.
A mouth.
A multiphase tractor beam?
A mutant.
A mystery is only a mystery as long as it remains uninvestigated, sir.
A mytho-historical hunter on Shantil Three.
A name.
A narrow vision.
A national heritage.
A natural electrical charge?
A navigational chart.
A nd you don't know how exciting it is to get this assignment.
A nervous reaction to an impending event of great importance.
A neural interface was created to expedite the repairs.
A neutrino Geiger counter.
A neutrino pulse.
A new Klingon alliance with the Romulans?
A new change in sensor readings.
A new confidence.
A new day dawns between us.
A new face.
A new life out of his own being.
A new life?
A new message from Karnas, sir.
A new militant splinter group has broken away from the Bajoran settlement camps.
A new place, if I make it.
A new subspace barrier appears to be forming,
A nice arrangement for the Brekkians.
A nice, soft, painless lie.
A non-believer.
A normal tricorder would never detect it.
A normal, imperfect, lumpen human being.
A notably awkward experience.
A novel.
A number of people have died in order to carry out this mission.
A nursery rhyme?
A nursery.
A painting.
A pair of hands.
A parade?
A parasitic being has invaded Quinn's body.
A part of her childhood she'll never have again.
A part of her that can not be seen.
A part of her that is dark.
A part that comes in and drinks prune juice.
A part that looks out the window towards home.
A part that she's protecting.
A parthenogenetic implant?
A party for Worf?
A passion for exploration, for the unknown.
A patriot, Captain.
A pattern.
A peace that I firmly believe is in the interests of both our peoples.
A peace that makes the Klingon heart that beats in my chest wither and die.
A peaceful accord will no longer be an option.
A penalty box?
A perfect example of why we made our decision.
A perfect match for my mind, my body.
A perfect mate for a Ferengi.
A perfect score?
A person died under your command.
A person is trapped inside of a static warp bubble.
A person's life, their future, hinges on each of a thousand choices.
A personal briefing?
A personal decision, Captain.
A perverse source of pleasure, perhaps?
A phase disruptor like a Klingon weapon, maybe.
A phaser discharge now could blow us all out of here.
A phaser set to level sixteen should suffice.
A phone call?
A piano etude.
A piece of the future.
A pity you weren't a bit more inventive.
A place can be safe and still be a prison.
A place where we can watch your people.
A place?
A planetoid around a binary star.
A plasma infuser.
A plasma shock overloaded your positronic net.
A plasma shock.
A plasma torch blew up in his hands.
A platform.
A plea to his former Captain.
A pleasant day to you.
A pleasure to make your acquaintance.
A pleasure to meet you, Commander.
A pleasure to meet you, Mrs.
A pleasure to see you again, Counsellor Troi.
A pleasure, Captain.
A pleasure, Commander.
A pleasure, Mrs.
A pleasure, sir.
A point as a distant bird.
A poker face carved in marble.
A position has opened up in this year's class.
A positive displacement of point zero zero four percent.
A positronic brain.
A possible straight for Commander Riker.
A power coupling exploded in my cockpit.
A power which controls all of this, and to which we can speak.
A powerful, god-like figure.
A prank.
A prescription.
A primitive lichen growing in a fossilised seabed.
A princess in a very high tower.
A prisoner has escaped from the penal colony on Lunar Five.
A private consulting investigator, Data, who solves crimes.
A probe has been launched from Iconia.
A probe launched from our current position would be more advisable.
A probe that finds me in the future.
A problem with the replicator?
A problem, Riker?
A processing accelerator's down.
A prodigy?
A product for which you have no use, but which the Ornarans can't live without.
A programme that definitely challenges Data.
A programme within the programme.
A projection.
A puzzle!
A question.
A race of cowards.
A radiant reaction.
A rare and valuable object?
A rat's maze.
A rational argument isn't always enough.
A ray as the rising sun.
A reactor core breach?
A real beauty here.
A real leader who'll go in there and get things moving.
A reason.
A reasonable age had to be set.
A recipe for a warm milk toddy.
A reflection.
A regrettable incident, Captain.
A relatively new concept in temporal mechanics.
A relic.
A remarkable experience, Commander.
A remembrance.
A reminder of his obligations both to us and to Tin Man.
A reprimand will appear on your record.
A research station within arm's reach of three Federation sectors?
A resident diagnostic programme is running.
A respiratory aliment?
A restraint of some kind?
A result of our interlock with the Yosemite's transporter system.
A reversal of vowel and consonant, Barc to Broc.
A revolving door?
A ridiculous story.
A rift?
A risk we have to take.
A rite of initiation marking a new level of Klingon spiritual attainment.
A ruling with such broad ranging implications must be supported.
A saddle is a very personal thing.
A sample of the vaccine.
A scan of the planet shows Mintakan life forms only, no humans.
A scout ship?
A scratch.
A seat on the Council?
A second ago I knew who I was.
A second artefact?
A second chance at life.
A second ship has joined the attack on the Bortas.
A second transporter signal?
A security breach severe enough to cost you your command.!
A semblance of diplomacy is called for.
A sense of fear of heights.
A sense of purpose.
A sense of repetition?
A sensible precaution, Picard.
A sensible precaution, sir.
A sensible precaution.
A sensing device from the escape pod.
A sensor echo, Data?
A series of accidents.
A series of graviton pulses.
A series of programme instructions, as it were.
A seven, and a six, and the ace.
A shaft has been cut through the outer crust.
A shape shifter, a holographic projection.
A shape shifter?
A shared history and a culture of which I am not presently aware.
A sharp spike at ten keV.
A shield?
A ship could have been caught in the distortion field and crashed.
A ship from the past has travelled through time.
A ship has one Bridge.
A ship is waiting to take him back to the Enterprise.
A ship's engines should be a concern of the ship's Captain.
A ship.
A shipment of deuterium storage tanks.
A short circuit.
A short goodbye.
A short recess would seem to be in order.
A short term crippling will suffice.
A shorter route?
A shuttle accident.
A shuttle doesn't simply vanish.
A shuttlecraft is more manoeuvrable.
A shuttlecraft.
A significant beginning.
A similar situation to the one we're facing here?
A simple genetic scan will prove his bloodline is valid.
A simple handshake would have sufficed.
A simple misunderstanding, Captain Picard.
A simple yes would have sufficed, Number One.
A simulation would be limited to areas scanned by the visual recording device.
A singer?
A single Data, and forgive me, Commander, is a curiosity.
A single one among countless others.
A single tear rolls down Sarek's cheek.
A single word can lead to tragedy.
A skeleton crew could take the ship to a starbase.
A slight dilation of the blood vessels.
A slight disorder of the stomach makes them cheats.
A slight navigational error?
A slim chance at best.
A slip in the pronunciation of the greeting caused a twenty year rift.
A small demonstration of our power.
A small moon orbiting the fourth planet.
A small part, maybe.
A small payment for your son's misdeeds.
A small price for saving Palmer's life.
A small ship is approaching.
A small vessel, entering orbit.
A snake.
A snake?
A society with much potential.
A son shall share in the honours or crimes of his father.
A song known only to me as a lullaby.
A sort of prodigy.
A space organism eating away at our hull.
A special favour.
A speculation, if you will.
A sphere.
A spider under the table.
A spider?
A spike at ten keV.
A spoon?
A spy whom you were delivering back into the hands of the enemy.
A spy.
A stable wormhole is unheard of.
A standard analysis begins with a resonance frequency scan.
A standard isolation procedure would be advisable.
A standard issue android.
A star in the Bynar system went supernova and they miscalculated.
A stargazer.
A starship captain must encounter all sorts of lifeforms.
A starship has its customs, just as we do.
A starship isn't going to miss a few.
A starship!
A starship?
A static warp shell.
A stationary neutrino source.
A stick or branch, about this thick, this long.
A storm.
A storm?
A strategic attache with specialised knowledge in the frontier regions.
A strategy, with fist open.
A straw?
A strong forearm is certainly an advantage in fencing.
A structural breach is imminent.
A struggle to the death.
A student of human nature?
A study mission.
A subjective term, Riker.
A subspace field coil with an isolated power source.
A subspace phase inverter.
A sudden sense of fear.
A suggestion?
A suitable guide for what?
A supply ship's due in a few days.
A supposition not supported by the transporter records.
A sure thing.
A surprise party?
A synthetic T-cell has invaded his genetic codes.
A system designed to compensate for limited human ability.
A systematic survey of the moon from a polar orbit might be more practical.
A systems failure will destroy them.
A table here.
A tail is quite essential for your acrobatic talents.
A taste to remember me by.
A team, sir?
A technique of communication which is both silent and covert.
A telepathic weapon.
A temporary mental aberration.
A tempting offer.
A terrible death.
A terrible mistake.
A terrifying experience for any intelligent being.
A terrorist bomb destroyed a shuttlebus.
A test for inorganic life.
A test of intelligence, then?
A test of my loyalty.
A test.
A tetryon field?
A thank you for all they tried to do.
A theory?
A thing.
A thirty percent increase would exceed safety limits.
A thorough search of the Vico has revealed no additional survivors.
A thought maker.
A thousand year old booby trap?
A thousand years ago our planet was dying.
A time shift?
A time we thought we had put far behind us.
A time when we learned to kill with a thought.
A toast to the success of the trade conference, Reittan.
A tool of some sort.
A tornado?
A total surprise.
A touch and go down warping?
A touch sharper, shall we?
A tragedy.
A train?
A transmutation beyond our physical being.
A transporter would leave residual ionization in the air.
A trial based on insinuation and innuendo.
A tribute to his skilled leadership.
A tribute to your leadership.
A trick!
A trim, of course.
A trio of elderly Admirals are seated behind a desk.
A trio of foreign gentlemen.
A trio.
A true DaiMon would not be blinded by lust.
A true protector cannot have two charges.
A tug will rendezvous with us and tow the Stargazer back to Xendi Starbase Nine.
A type of laser beam is slicing into the saucer section.
A type of weapon.
A unit is a group where those of similar talents and interests live together.
A valiant try, android, but what a low opinion you must have of us.
A valid assumption.
A variable induction field.
A variation of what happened to the Yamato might destroy us first.
A variety of crystilia.
A vegetation graph.
A very dangerous piece.
A very fine first command.
A very long time.
A very nice performance.
A very old joke.
A very old regulation.
A very powerful beast.
A very profitable future.
A very rare neurological disorder first diagnosed in the twenty third century.
A very sensible people.
A very serious kind of probation.
A very small one if our scans haven't found it.
A very strange reaction.
A very, very painful death.
A vessel perhaps.
A virus?
A vision told you to leave the Academy and now you're packing your bags?
A voice only transmission from the USS Lantree, a Federation supply ship.
A vulnerability I've been looking for for years.
A war vessel?
A warp core breach moves at a much faster rate.
A warrior does not ask so many questions.
A warrior does not let a friend face danger alone.
A warrior fights to the death.
A warrior race.
A warrior's drink.
A warrior's reaction.
A warrior, proud, fearless, living only for combat.
A warrior.
A warship has returned.
A way of applying pressure.
A way of keeping you conscious after they have taken you.
A way of thinking and acting that makes us Klingon.
A way that we can become more intimate.
A way to exercise control over another?
A weapon discharge?
A weapon?
A week ago a man came in here.
A week's shore leave.
A week.
A week?
A werewolf!
A whole new world to plunder!
A whopping big one, and you know it.
A wide variety of items.
A widower, raising a child alone.
A wild idea, purely theoretical.
A wild-goose chase?
A wise choice.
A wise decision, Captain.
A wise man once said, there is a sucker born every minute.
A witness said they saw you vaporised.
A woman of letters.
A woman out of another place who insists that she knows you.
A wonder, even.
A wonderful husband.
A wonderful testimony to simpler times.
A wonderful, incredible mistake.
A world where there are objects far greater than the one you seek.
A world, furthermore, constructed for the sole benefit of man.
A wormhole?
A wormholes is there one moment, and then gone the next.
A year ago, that piece was stolen from the museum.
A year's work destroyed!
A year?
AF.
AF?
Aaaaard klaxon leeeeesss blag blan ar'nik ka'nik.
Aaaaard krasulaaa.
Aaagh!
Aaron, I'm going back to the ship.
Aaron, don't you see we can't be happy here any longer?
Aaron, you acted in the best interests of your people.
Abandoned by a society that prized fast food and faster games.
Aberrant behavior.
Able to serve.
Able.
Aboard a starship, that is not necessary.
Aboard the Enterprise, First Officer William T.
Aboard the Stargazer, sir.
Abort and destroy.
Abort auto-destruct sequence.
Abort it!
Abort the mission.
About Spock.
About Worf or Commander Riker?
About an hour, maybe less.
About another twenty hours.
About as much as I love comical Transporter Chiefs.
About berylite levels, about the future.
About everything that's going on.
About few months ago.
About fifty metres.
About five minutes after we left the ship there was an explosion.
About four minutes, if the cycle holds.
About four times more efficient.
About four years.
About how she did not tell me about him when he was born.
About how we all changed and drifted apart.
About like you'd expect, sir.
About me.
About me?
About once a week.
About one hundred metres apart.
About our future?
About our society.
About seven months ago, when she first took command of the Hera.
About something we've always considered to be impossible.
About space.
About ten metres up the ODN line.
About that, sir.
About the Borg.
About the cloning?
About the little girl with the imaginary friend?
About the personnel transfer?
About the quarantine field in the cargo bay?
About the time men still believed the Earth was flat?
About the trade agreement.
About the universe you are preparing to enter.
About these thermal deflectors.
About three hundred and seventy years ago, you died of a massive embolism.
About three minutes.
About time.
About twelve metres up the main corridor.
About twelve minutes.
About twenty five minutes, sir.
About twenty percent of the specimens fall into that category.
About twice the normal time.
About what you and Lore are doing to the Borg?
About writing my life story.
About your Dad.
About your lies.
About?
Above, look out!
Absolutely first rate.
Absolutely no aesthetic value whatsoever.
Absolutely none.
Absolutely nothing.
Absolutely out of the question.
Absolutely perfect.
Absolutely they do.
Absolutely!
Absolutely, sir.
Absorbing that much power could prevent a signal lock.
Absurd.
Absurdities!
Abusers can have subtle but powerful influence over their victims.
Acamarians?
Accelerating fast.
Accelerator coils are responding normally.
Accept the love.
Acceptable or not, sir, it is the truth.
Acceptable risks, justified risks, but I can't accept this.
Acceptable tactical losses, considering the circumstances.
Accepted, so long as you keep to your agreement.
Access all Federation records on the subject and report to my Ready Room.
Access all available technical schematics on Lieutenant Commander Data.
Access biographical files.
Access code kappa alpha four six zero one seven zero four.
Access code theta alpha two seven three seven, blue, enable.
Access faster.
Access is restricted.
Access spectral analysis and begin scan, mode three.
Access spectral analysis, mode two, begin scan.
Access the isolinear storage assembly.
Access to communications denied.
Access to our computer?
Access to the Bridge has been completely severed by emergency bulkheads.
Access tunnels are here and here.
Access which you can exercise at any time?
Access your data bank on sexuality, level two.
Access your data banks under humour, subheading slapstick.
Access your third nested memory file and execute instruction five one five five.
Access.
Accessing Starfleet personnel records.
Accessing file Kivas Fajo.
Accessing registry.
Accessing transporter.
Accessing, sir.
Accompanied by a peculiar sound.
According to Data, the sun image is also a symbol for death.
According to Mother, DaiMon Tog is extremely relaxed at the moment.
According to Starfleet regulations, that would be my only course of action.
According to historical records.
According to legend.
According to my calculations, we're three days from Aldea.
According to my memory log, I did not use those words.
According to my tricorder, the holodeck safeties have been disengaged.
According to our medical readouts, there's still nothing wrong with him.
According to our sensors their shields back to full strength.
According to the disc we should have reached it hours ago.
According to the instruments, sir, our speed never exceeded warp one point five.
According to the laws of physics, this is impossible.
According to the library computer, the captain of the T'Ong is K'Temoc.
According to them, only one ship has passed through the system in the last week.
According to these journals, his name is Ronin and he's thirty four years old.
According to these readings, we could go back to warp speed now.
According to these records, there were no survivors.
According to this, he has classic back trauma.
According to this, there's a Federation outpost at Calder Two.
According to tradition, I must take my life after suffering this kind of injury.
According to tradition, that honour falls to a family member.
According to witnesses, she seemed completely normal.
Accurate?
Accursed planet!
Aceton assimilators?
Ach!
Acknowledge the signal.
Acknowledged, Counsellor.
Acknowledged, Feynman.
Acknowledged, I will be there shortly.
Acknowledged, La Forge.
Acknowledged, Lieutenant.
Acknowledged, Mister Worf.
Acknowledged, Shuttle.
Acknowledged, Worf.
Acknowledging his needs makes him vulnerable.
Acting Captain's log, supplemental.
Acting Captain?
Acting Ensign Crusher reporting as ordered, sir.
Acting Ensign Crusher, report to transporter room eight.
Acting Ensign.
Activate Bussard collector.
Activate Sterile Field.
Activate a deflector dish.
Activate biomonitors.
Activate forward disruptor array.
Activate impulse engines.
Activate it.
Activate on my command.
Activate programme.
Activate quarantine field.
Activate security fields decks eight through fifteen.
Activate security fields sections twenty three through twenty nine.
Activate the main viewer.
Activate the scan.
Activate the transporter.
Activate viewscreen.
Activate visual.
Activate your transporter.
Activate your viewscreen.
Activated.
Activating Bussard collectors.
Activating containment field.
Activating deflector beam.
Activating phaser arrays.
Activating power pack, Captain.
Activating power systems.
Activating shield invertors, now.
Activating the generator on the planet.
Activating the remote sensors.
Activity there is almost off the scale.
Actually I wanted to ask your opinion about something.
Actually I'm looking forward to meeting this mediator.
Actually I've been stuck on that station for over nine months.
Actually I, we have plans.
Actually it brought the house down in Teaneck.
Actually it feels quite comfortable.
Actually it was quite a bargain, Kazago.
Actually it's a very efficient way of communicating.
Actually it's more a point of personal pride.
Actually it's my fault, sir.
Actually no, it's more like they're not what they say they are.
Actually sir, that may be an incorrect analogy.
Actually there is a distinct difference between an android and a robot.
Actually we were hoping that you did.
Actually, Alexander has not yet committed himself to undergoing the Rite.
Actually, I am quite deficient in some basic human information.
Actually, I came to see you.
Actually, I do need to get out of here.
Actually, I don't know.
Actually, I had a better idea.
Actually, I have Centurion Bochra to thank for it.
Actually, I have a solution in mind, but I doubt he'll agree to it.
Actually, I have to put them right here.
Actually, I just welcomed Ensign Mendon on board.
Actually, I learned quite a bit.
Actually, I meant your first name.
Actually, I might have done it twice.
Actually, I really like running around the ship in my bare feet.
Actually, I used to be quite a card player in my youth, you know.
Actually, I was going to suggest something else.
Actually, I was hoping you could help me with something else.
Actually, I was the one who got you kicked out.
Actually, I was thinking more about Ensign Ro.
Actually, I'm not sure yet.
Actually, I'm not sure you'll be able to reach her.
Actually, I'm not sure.
Actually, I'm resigning as Ship's Counsellor.
Actually, I've acted quite unprofessionally.
Actually, good morning, sir.
Actually, he and I have been able to patch a few things up.
Actually, he was a genius by human standards.
Actually, her telepathic prowess is quite advanced.
Actually, his name is Jeremiah, Jeremiah Rossa.
Actually, if you could just isolate...
Actually, it came in handy.
Actually, it is five point three four times ten to the forty first watts, sir.
Actually, it was Wesley who put us onto this dimensional jump of theirs.
Actually, it was quite simple.
Actually, it wasn't really necessary.
Actually, it's Tethys three.
Actually, it's a Draebidium calimus.
Actually, it's all your fault.
Actually, it's your great, great, great, great, great grandson.
Actually, killed would have been a better word.
Actually, most of my free time is taken up with my studies.
Actually, quite a bit larger than I thought.
Actually, she was.
Actually, sir, that was done deliberately.
Actually, sir, there is.
Actually, six is a valid point.
Actually, that is no longer the case.
Actually, the DNA is compatible, with a fair amount of help.
Actually, the issue at stake is patriotism.
Actually, the only thing the filters can do is keep things from getting worse.
Actually, there is.
Actually, they think highly of us, Tasha.
Actually, they're sending two.
Actually, this isn't the first time I've been apprehensive.
Actually, three Vulcan ships, Captain.
Actually, we were about to do some shopping.
Actually, we were about to experience a mud bath.
Actually, we've made better time than I expected.
Actually, why don't you do it from over here.
Actually, you reveal yourselves best in how you play.
Actuation positions for Strategema.
Adapting the neural output pods of the Visor is tricky work.
Adaptive transport.
Add another twenty?
Add to it an attack by a nonexistent Romulan vessel.
Addictive?
Additional information.
Additional questions?
Additional units?
Additionally, that war was a catalyst of technological advancement.
Address yourselves directly to Riva.
Adequate.
Adjust coordinates to intercept this, this whatever it is.
Adjust course to intercept.
Adjust pitch angle, negative three degrees.
Adjust pitch to twenty seven point three degrees.
Adjust sensors to short range.
Adjust speed to intercept.
Adjust target coordinates.
Adjust the frequency stabilisation on the main deflector dish.
Adjust the invert two percent negative.
Adjust the invert two percent positive.
Adjust trajectory angle to compensate.
Adjusting course to intercept in twelve minutes, sir.
Adjusting course to intercept.
Adjusting shield frequencies now, Commander.
Adjusting shield harmonics, diverting power to the forward grids.
Adjusting synchronic distortion.
Adjusting the synchronic distortion.
Adjustments to dilithium crystal chamber complete.
Admirable.
Admiral Brand.
Admiral Haftel, Guinan.
Admiral Haftel.
Admiral Hanson on subspace, Captain.
Admiral Henry has called an end to any more hearings on this matter.
Admiral Holt.
Admiral Jameson.
Admiral Jarok.
Admiral Kennelly has rendezvoused to discuss the Bajoran terrorist attack.
Admiral Kennelly.
Admiral Mendak is hailing.
Admiral Mendak, you have taken our Ambassador captive.
Admiral Necheyev has just beamed aboard.
Admiral Necheyev, welcome aboard the Enterprise.
Admiral Picard offered me a position at Starfleet Command.
Admiral Picard, Captain Riker.
Admiral Picard.
Admiral Quinn is expected to make a full recovery.
Admiral Raner?
Admiral Riker is hailing us.
Admiral Riker is in Ten Forward.
Admiral Satie has left the Enterprise.
Admiral Satie, this is Commander Data, Commander La Forge.
Admiral Uttan Narsu, Starbase Twelve.
Admiral on the Bridge.
Admiral, Deanna, I need a moment with you.
Admiral, I am hereby charging you with violation of the Treaty of Algeron.
Admiral, I assure you.
Admiral, I can explain.
Admiral, I've done my best to be thorough during this investigation.
Admiral, Josh was a good pilot but lately he'd been having difficulties.
Admiral, Orta's ships are old and obsolete.
Admiral, are you suggesting the terrorists want arms and weapons?
Admiral, can you give me any details?
Admiral, have a seat.
Admiral, if you will come with me.
Admiral, it's a little difficult to prepare for a mission I know nothing about.
Admiral, respectfully.
Admiral, the Indian Councils is adamant.
Admiral, there's an infrared light signal ahead.
Admiral, they've endured generations of sympathy and promises.
Admiral, this Maquis situation has you worried.
Admiral, this is Picard.
Admiral, to you, Lal is a new android.
Admiral, we took a direct hit to the starboard plasma coil.
Admiral, we're approaching the Idini Star Cluster.
Admiral, welcome aboard.
Admiral, what you're doing here is unethical.
Admiral, would you care to join me for some late dinner?
Admiral, you only have the conn temporarily.
Admiral, your credibility is stretched beyond belief.
Admiral, your proper place is on the Bridge.
Admiral.
Admit it, Picard.
Admit it.
Admit what, Mister Data?
Adults.
Advance and speak.
Advanced cardiomyopathy.
Advanced culture, centuries old.
Advertising them to a crew can damage your credibility as a leader.
Advise Admiral Nakamura I'll be a little later than I thought.
Advise Doctor Crusher we have a medical emergency.
Advise Mister Barclay to join us on the Bridge immediately.
Advise Mister Conor, Number One, and brief the appropriate officers.
Advise Starfleet of our status, Mister Data.
Advise all personnel on deck thirty eight to stay out of the cargo bays.
Advise him that we will transport sown to the surface immediately.
Advise him to set his coordinates for the Delta Quadrant.
Advise my counsellors on the Vorn to convene.
Advise them of our status, Mister Worf.
Advise your status.
Aeons.
Affirmative, Number One.
Affirmative.
Afoot?
Afraid I had to put them on hold too.
Afraid of what?
Afraid someone might see your birthmark?
Aft shields are gone!
Aft shields buckling.
Aft shields down.
Aft shields have completely failed.
Aft shields weakened.
Aft station, Lieutenant.
Aft thrusters, aye.
Aft.
After Farpoint, I returned to where we exist.
After I die, you will act in my name to arbitrate the struggle for power.
After I got away last time, I mapped out all their tunnels.
After I painted the smoke, it then occurred to me to paint a bird's wing.
After I've served for six months, I'm eligible to bring family aboard.
After Paris?
After a brief disruption, our ship's communications have returned to normal.
After a century of wandering, they may be ready to come home.
After a few months, we didn't need the government any more.
After a moment, a little girl runs in and goes straight over to the radio.
After all the things that you've done, they're still intent on keeping you safe.
After all these years, even now, you manage to disappoint me, Jean-Luc.
After all this time, I ought to.
After all we've been through together.
After all, I am a machine and dispensable.
After all, I was not the cause of your death.
After all, a Ferengi scientist is almost a contradiction in terms.
After all, a warrior keeps his word.
After all, he is family.
After all, he left very soon after K'Ehleyr's death.
After all, she has a great deal of power.
After all, she has the entire universe to choose from.
After all, such a change is hardly out of the ordinary.
After all, they were expecting Baran to show up.
After all, we are exploring the unknown.
After all, we still hope you will recommend our entrance into the Federation.
After all, what if you were suddenly to decide to leave this star system?
After all, when one is in the superior position, one is expected to win.
After all, you are my partner in this.
After all, you're going to be the uncle of my child.
After all, you're talking to a living machine right now.
After complete spectral analysis, well it's as if it's not really there.
After eighteen passes, the air gets a little too thin for this country boy.
After fifteen seconds or so in the beam, you may start to feel light-headed.
After living disembodied for two centuries, perhaps they've gone mad.
After more rehearsals than I can count.
After much debate.
After our last encounter, I was asked to leave the Q Continuum.
After re-grouping with Commander Riker, we'll return to the ship.
After six years, Number One, I don't think I have any excuses left.
After so many centuries?
After so many fundamental differences have evolved between your peoples?
After taking aboard medical supplies, we will depart for Barson Two.
After that an agreement came swiftly.
After that awful little Ferengi insulted me, I needed to centre myself.
After that it was easy to pinpoint Iconia.
After that, I have no memory until this moment.
After that, I never stopped travelling.
After that, I realised how dangerous it was to be different.
After that, I was never quite as afraid of spiders.
After that, the anvil, the hammer, and Doctor Soong's face.
After that, the distortion field will re-phase.
After that, there is nothing that can be done.
After that, you can go anywhere you want.
After that.
After the attack of the Crystalline Entity.
After the fight, Doctor Apgar came to find me he was very upset.
After the past few days, I could use something a little bland.
After the queen, one-eyed jacks and low card in the hole are wild.
After the shields fall, how long before fatal exposure?
After they died?
After this tour, I may have some worthy questions.
After three days of intense pain, the snake died.
After three days, I am beginning to wonder if you know how to do anything else.
After two weeks I couldn't stand it any more.
After we read your letter about the discommendation from the Klingons.
After we've gone, kill them all.
After what happened I guess you'll never want to go back to the Ancient West.
After what he's put you through?
After what she did for us down there, that doesn't surprise me one bit.
After which, of course, we will return the survivor to you.
After years of distrust and conflict, they started to talk.
After you, sir.
After your childhood, we figured you could use all the help you could get.
After-images in time.
After.
Afterward, I planned to get back to you, to fix you.
Again and again.
Again it is not relevant.
Again!
Again, I adjusted the flow.
Again, I ask you, why?
Again, I need more time.
Again, Mister Worf.
Again, insufficient information, sir.
Again, just as the contract said would occur before her return.
Against what enemy do you charge into battle?
Against your keeping out of humanity's path for ever.
Against your wishes.
Age and wisdom have their graces too.
Age forty one.
Agenda?
Agonise all you want, but don't let it get in the way of our plan.
Agreed!
Agreed, DaiMon Tarr.
Agreed, Enterprise.
Agreed, Groppler?
Agreed, Number One.
Agreed?
Ah Captain Picard.
Ah but you did have one sometimes and I bet you jumped on it.
Ah ha, just the two I'm looking for.
Ah hah!!
Ah is right, Data.
Ah there you are.
Ah yes.
Ah you must be Captain Picard.
Ah, Campio!
Ah, Captain Picard is it.
Ah, Captain Picard.
Ah, Captain, there's just one other thing.
Ah, Commander Riker.
Ah, Counsellor Troi.
Ah, Data, you're uniquely qualified.
Ah, Data.
Ah, Doctor Crusher.
Ah, Federation decor.
Ah, Geordi.
Ah, I have access.
Ah, I see where you're going.
Ah, I see you got our message.
Ah, I see.
Ah, I'm afraid you wouldn't find much work here, Counsellor.
Ah, Mister Hill.
Ah, Mister Worf, my good Klingon.
Ah, Mister Worf.
Ah, Number One.
Ah, Senator Pardek.
Ah, This what you want, huh?
Ah, Wesley.
Ah, Worf, I have an opening in my workshop.
Ah, Worf, good.
Ah, Worf.
Ah, a game!
Ah, a human proverb!
Ah, a personal grudge.
Ah, a word that ends in K.
Ah, and that's fun?
Ah, and that's why you weren't affected.
Ah, another has arrived.
Ah, as in hogwash, malarky, jive.
Ah, but I am I am the Guardian of Gre'thor.
Ah, but if I lift up, you lunge right underneath.
Ah, but there is.
Ah, but was his modus operandi not dissimilar?
Ah, but you are also a man of great importance and wealth.
Ah, but, now, your assignment here.
Ah, do you schedule his appointments?
Ah, excellent.
Ah, heavenly.
Ah, is this poker?
Ah, let's see.
Ah, motherhood.
Ah, my pale friend has returned.
Ah, now let me see.
Ah, place.
Ah, that's going to be a little difficult right at the moment.
Ah, that's the second of your criteria.
Ah, the Enterprise, here at last.
Ah, the Romulan path to glory.
Ah, the class reunion.
Ah, the redoubtable Commander Riker.
Ah, then you'll finish the game if I let you out of the cell?
Ah, there you are, dear.
Ah, this is wonderful.
Ah, three sixes.
Ah, to me it's just an undefined form, standing in a visual frenzy.
Ah, unfortunately, I'm not an empath.
Ah, well, now we're all a little less secure in our moral certitude.
Ah, well, sooner or later it'll all come to me.
Ah, well, that too can be a positive trait.
Ah, yes, er, the rent.
Ah, yes, indeed.
Ah, yes, of course.
Ah, you have a practiced hand, Commander.
Ah, you must mean our orbiting probe.
Ah, you see, Doctor?
Ah, you're just in time.
Ah, you're right on time, Commander.
Ah, you're wrong, Mister Worf.
Ah, you've come to apologise.
Aha, got you there.
Ahead one quarter, heading two five mark three zero zero.
Ahead slow, two hundred kph.
Ahead, minimum power.
Ahhh.
Aikido one.
Aikido, vanish.
Aim it at Relva?
Aim the shuttle at Relva!
Ain't it?
Ain't love wonderful.
Ain't nothin' to it.
Ain't that is what they serve at Miss Langford's?
Air and darkness?
Ajur and I were the security team assigned to retrieve the Uthat.
Alas, no, but what happens to me isn't important.
Alaska, the Klondike, the Aurora Borealis.
Alaska.
Aldea.
Aldean shield still up.
Aldebaran whiskey.
Aldorian Ale's our drink.
Ale from Ennan Six.
Alert Shuttlebay two.
Alert me when they're ready.
Alert science stations to standby.
Alert sickbay to prepare for possible casualties.
Alert starbase.
Alert the crew to keep clear of hm.
Alex.
Alexander Rozhenko is in holodeck two.
Alexander Rozhenko is on holodeck four.
Alexander Rozhenko.
Alexander has acted shamefully, and as his father I must now deal with him.
Alexander hasn't had much contact with other children.
Alexander is a fine boy, Worf.
Alexander is not fully Klingon he is part human.
Alexander is sent forward.
Alexander looks up to you.
Alexander needs to be with his father.
Alexander stole a small model and then told a falsehood.
Alexander we require large amounts of currency.
Alexander will not repeat this mistake.
Alexander's in trouble.
Alexander's, he's having difficulties.
Alexander, I am so sorry.
Alexander, I thought you might like a partner.
Alexander, I told you it's not my decision.
Alexander, I'm sorry.
Alexander, can you hear me?
Alexander, can you hear us?
Alexander, come here.
Alexander, did you take the model of the lizard from the table?
Alexander, eat your food.
Alexander, go on.
Alexander, it is important to tell these stories, even if we already know them.
Alexander, remember what we talked about?
Alexander, that Klingon stuff is very important to your father.
Alexander, that is enough.
Alexander, this is my mother.
Alexander, what are you talking about?
Alexander, would you mind if I borrowed your toy for a little while?
Alexander, you must.
Alexander, you will return to our quarters and have dinner.
Alien intruder, transporter room three.
Alien vessel approaching at half impulse, sir.
Alien.
Aliens are seldom allowed to obtain the process, but I managed it.
Aligned?
Alive and well and ready to be awakened.
Alive, I am a greater threat to my world than a dying sun.
Alive?
Alkaloid base.
Alkar!
Alkar, everything is falling apart.
Alkar, is there anything I can do?
Alkar, we need you.
Alkar, what's wrong?
Alkar.
All Deng and I could do was stand there and watch.
All Enterprise crewmembers are safe and accounted for.
All Federation and allied outposts have been warned.
All Federation ships proceed at maximum warp to Gamma Eridon.
All Federation starships have been placed on Yellow Alert.
All Husnock everywhere.
All I ask is that the visit be supervised.
All I can do is ask you to trust me.
All I can do is imagine your father at your age.
All I care about is my money.
All I did was lose my temper.
All I have found sir, is what you already know.
All I have left to bargain with is myself.
All I know is that despite Picard's promise, he's done nothing.
All I know is that we came out here to escape.
All I know is when I go back to the ship, reality breaks apart.
All I know is, I haven't felt this way for a long time.
All I need is, what causes it?
All I need now is a little time to myself.
All I require is to sit in the sun and read my book.
All I want is to be acknowledged.
All I wanted was a cup of tea.
All I'm asking for is help in maintaining our defence.
All I'm concerned about is my daughter's safety.
All I'm concerned with now is you, not your work.
All I'm saying is that it's something we have to be aware of.
All I've ever wanted is to make a career for myself in Starfleet.
All Zalkonians can.
All agents are scanned by the sensors.
All approved and described in the Starfleet communications.
All attempts at warning off the Tarellian ship have failed.
All attempts to analyse what is happening have failed.
All attempts to obtain further information from the shuttle have failed.
All because you wouldn't help me find my missing officers.
All brain functions check out okay.
All channels, Mister Worf.
All circuits functional.
All clear, sir.
All command functions suspended.
All crew to battle stations.
All critical subcommands are protected, Captain.
All databases.
All dead?
All deck, this is the Bridge.
All decks acknowledging, sir.
All decks being probed in a methodical pattern, sir.
All decks brace for impact!
All decks empty.
All decks go to emergency level seven.
All decks have reported in.
All decks have reported.
All decks prepare for radiation protocol.
All decks report Condition Yellow.
All decks report ready, sir.
All decks report ready.
All decks reporting minor injuries only.
All decks, I must have your full attention.
All decks, security alert.
All decks, stand by.
All decks?
All done, Commander.
All efforts to exit have failed.
All eighteen?
All encrypted subspace messages are sent through this channel.
All engine systems are operational.
All engines are offline.
All engines back full.
All engines down.
All entries to Sickbay are secured.
All equipment on line and functioning.
All evidence indicates it is willing and able to do what it proposes.
All except one man who remained outside.
All except your father.
All exhibit a similar genetic flux to the one we observed in Counsellor Troi.
All external sensors inoperative.
All external sensors still nonfunctioning.
All five members of the away team.
All five ships were destroyed.
All for the glory of the Empire.
All for the love of a maid.
All forward motion stopped, sir.
All found in an open locker?
All four thousand of them.
All gathered inside what appears to be the entrance to a mining tunnel.
All go.
All graviton pulses from the Entity have stopped.
All guests must go unclothed.
All hands abandon ship.
All hands lost?
All hands stand to battle stations.
All hands to battle stations.
All hands will stand to battle stations.
All hands, brace for impact!
All hands, this is Commander Riker.
All hands, this is the Captain.
All he cares about are rules.
All he cares about is selling it to the highest bidder.
All he needed to do was remove the unneeded bits.
All he wanted to know about was previous starships.
All he was ever interested in was vengeance.
All he's got left are his manoeuvring jets, Captain.
All his vital functions are completely normal.
All his weight is on his right foot.
All hits will be recorded electronically.
All humanoid life has a similar genetic pattern.
All identical to the one that killed Lieutenant Aster.
All in a day's work, I suppose.
All in good time.
All indicate the existence of a missing day.
All instructors report immediately.
All is not what it seems to be, Captain.
All is quiet so far.
All it takes is a few good men.
All it'll do is provoke him.
All its systems are shown as functioning, yet it seems devoid of life.
All kinds.
All knowing, all seeing.
All language forms and frequencies.
All language forms, sir.
All lies.
All life in the system was destroyed approximately one thousand years ago.
All life is beautiful.
All life on the planet is being destroyed, sir.
All life, Wyatt, all consciousness, is indissolvably bound together.
All main thrusters are shut down.
All male.
All matter in space vibrates in a specific radiation band.
All matter in the universe resonates on a quantum level with a unique signature.
All members of the Enterprise crew are accounted for, Mister Conor.
All my land and all my goods, all I have is yours to rule.
All my life I have waited for this.
All my life I wanted to be in Starfleet.
All my life I've served in the military.
All navigational systems confirm we are at warp six on course, sir.
All negative.
All neural connections below the first cervical vertebrae have been separated.
All of Nottingham knows you're still in love with him.
All of a sudden, cargo bay five started to depressurise.
All of it?
All of my systems are functioning normally.
All of our electromagnetic emissions are being monitored.
All of our systems were damaged, including the cloaking device.
All of the blood traces I found match those of Lieutenant Aquiel Uhnari.
All of the connection nodes intersect at that location.
All of the difficult issues have been resolved.
All of the inhabitants of the colony were killed.
All of the loving things that you do with each other, that is what we do.
All of the nodal connections intersect in holodeck three.
All of the ship's records are available to you, sir.
All of the systems in her body have elevated readings.
All of the truth.
All of them are different.
All of them?
All of these sensations are new and they can be frightening.
All of these threes can't be coming up by accident.
All of this might have been in vain?
All of those people down there died years before I was born.
All of us can, because the Captain says it's important and we trust him.
All of us in this colony have been living in the dark ages.
All of us that are left, Captain.
All of us, a powerful legacy.
All of you have been selectively bred?
All of you up here, as well.
All of you will die.
All of you!
All of you, you're all blank to me.
All of you.
All of your stolen possessions are being returned to their rightful owners.
All on a whim.
All one hundred and two of them.
All original.
All participants have entered their depositions.
All parties do not request it.
All personnel report to duty stations.
All personnel, this is not a drill.
All personnel.
All power is restored.
All power levels are back to normal.
All power on line.
All power to ejection systems has been terminated and cannot be restored.
All power to shields.
All present, respectfully stand.
All present, stand and make respectful attention to honoured Judge.
All propulsion systems are shut down.
All relationships are constantly changing.
All remaining power to the defence systems.
All research was abandoned by the mid-twenty third century.
All right now, that's it.
All right then, we'll stand.
All right then, you talk to me.
All right twenty five cc's cordrazine.
All right!
All right, 1e're almost there.
All right, Captain.
All right, Computer, let's try some music.
All right, Counsellor, what is it that has you so worried?
All right, Data, enough of this.
All right, Deanna, just what the hell is all this?
All right, Doctor.
All right, Geordi.
All right, Hand me the connector on that kit.
All right, Harry?
All right, I admit it was a catalyst.
All right, I know it's risky, but a shot in the dark is better than nothing.
All right, I think I've found it.
All right, I want to show you something I've been working on.
All right, I will.
All right, I'll deal with of this later.
All right, I've locked onto their sensor beam.
All right, Kurt.
All right, Lieutenant, you just stay right there.
All right, Mister Data.
All right, Mister La Forge, I want you to access the transformation programme.
All right, Mister La Forge, get us out of here.
All right, Mister La Forge.
All right, Mister Worf, get a security team on it.
All right, Mister Worf.
All right, Picard.
All right, Q, that's enough.
All right, Sanctuary on this ship, dreary as it may sound to both of us.
All right, a little more.
All right, a reminder.
All right, all right, it's okay.
All right, all right, shut up.
All right, but I want you in and out of there as quickly as possible.
All right, but I'm not sure you two are going to like it.
All right, but consider this.
All right, but first there's something I want to share with you.
All right, but remember, you're not indestructible yourself, you know.
All right, but you really should try it some time.
All right, come in.
All right, computer, one more time.
All right, computer.
All right, everybody out of here now.
All right, everybody.
All right, everyone, this is what we're going to be doing.
All right, explain this procedure.
All right, fine, good, let's throw the Prime Directive to the winds.
All right, go ahead and depolarise the entire power grid.
All right, go on, but no funny stuff.
All right, go see if you can find Devor.
All right, hang on just a second here, Third of Five.
All right, he stays.
All right, let's begin.
All right, let's bring it in.
All right, let's do it again.
All right, let's focus their attention.
All right, let's give it a try.
All right, let's go now.
All right, let's go to chloromydride.
All right, let's have a look.
All right, let's make a run for it.
All right, let's say we initiate a full power warp pulse.
All right, let's see what you can do.
All right, let's spread out.
All right, let's take a closer look.
All right, let's try it again.
All right, let's try this again.
All right, look.
All right, make a note in the log.
All right, now listen.
All right, one of your people can do the work.
All right, stay sharp.
All right, tell me from the beginning exactly what happened.
All right, thanks, sweetie.
All right, that should do it.
All right, that's enough!
All right, that's enough, Ensign.
All right, that's enough.
All right, think of it this way.
All right, this'll have to do.
All right, we'll do it the old-fashioned way.
All right, we'll try it.
All right, we're going to explore the cave.
All right, we're in.
All right, we're leaving.
All right, we're less than two kilometres away from the target site.
All right, what is it?
All right, where is it?
All right, who will replace you?
All right, whoever you are, I can hear you.
All right, you don't want to help me?
All right, you want me to say something aloud?
All right, you want to know what he did?
All right, you were lying on the table.
All right, you're on.
All routes are equally dangerous, sir.
All scans are still negative.
All science labs standing by.
All science personnel.
All science stations, stand by.
All sections ready to begin the survey, sir.
All sections report ready for battle, Commander.
All sections secure, sir.
All senior staff report to the Observation Lounge.
All senior staff to the Bridge.
All senior staff.
All sensors reveal that all of the equipment on the planet is inert.
All set up, sir.
All set, Chief?
All shields to maximum.
All shipboard emissions within normal range.
All ships standing by.
All ships to fall back and rendezvous at Gamma Eridon.
All ships, please respond.
All shuttles are secure.
All signs show normal.
All stations have reported, Captain.
All stations secure.
All stations, prepare for reconnection.
All stations, report.
All stations?
All stop, Mister Crusher.
All stop, and hold this position.
All stop, and hold.
All stopped, sir.
All subspace systems are inoperative.
All systems answering.
All systems are frozen, Captain.
All systems are functioning normally.
All systems are functioning within normal specifications, Doctor.
All systems are going offline, including life support.
All systems are holding steady.
All systems are in standby or emergency mode.
All systems are operating according to your design specifications.
All systems are ready.
All systems functioning within normal parameters.
All systems functioning.
All systems normal.
All systems operating.
All systems operational, sir.
All systems ready, Captain.
All systems seem functional, Captain.
All systems show normal.
All systems verified.
All systems within normal operating parameters.
All that I am, I owe to him.
All that he knows is stored in his memory banks.
All that is gone.
All that is ours is yours.
All that matters is that our families are not dishonoured.
All that remains is the possibility of communication.
All that sulphur and volcanic ash.
All that's left is Romulan.
All the Klingons did.
All the Pasteur's crew are safely on board, Admiral.
All the communiques, all the timetables, all the records.
All the creatures within us?
All the crew members were dead.
All the engines check out perfectly, Commander.
All the evidence indicates that the Overseer exists.
All the fragments are like that.
All the galaxy's a stage.
All the life.
All the medical information the Admiral provided is satisfactory, sir.
All the ones I'm sure of, yes.
All the other aliens are waiting for me.
All the other arguments aside, there's one that is irrefutable.
All the other teams will need to be kept apprised of its heading.
All the probe's systems are functioning perfectly.
All the systems are out.
All the things he could tell us.
All the things he would like to tell us.
All the things that are part of my life.
All the tiger did was lick my hand.
All the time.
All the twenty six men and women aboard that ship were dead.
All the world's a stage.
All their loves, their hates, their fears, their needs.
All their weapons systems have been fully activated.
All thermal monitoring stations are reporting no further temperature drops.
All these new ideas, new technology, and now space travel?
All they want is to get me back safely.
All things must pass.
All thirty four of them appear to have killed each other.
All this for a chosen son.
All this has reminded me so much of that day.
All this passion over a machine?
All this talk of the Overseer, it's old superstitions.
All this technology it only serves to take away life's simple pleasures.
All those legs.
All those people dead.
All those wild cards.
All those years you spent as a child building those model starship engines.
All those years.
All three dimensions.
All three have got to be in the circle if this is going to work.
All to save Doctor Crusher's son?
All transmissions to be authorised by DaiMon Tog.
All transporter rooms are standing by.
All transporter rooms, prepare emergency evacuation procedures.
All transporter systems offline until further notice.
All underground, all heavily guarded.
All velocity zero.
All vital signs returning to normal.
All warp engines generate that kind of interference.
All we ask is that you keep your eyes open.
All we can do now is minimise it.
All we did was buy ourselves another orbit, at most.
All we had was an ancient battery of Merculite rockets.
All we have here are questions.
All we have to do is exercise it.
All we know of him is the work.
All we need do now is escort the Romulan Ambassador to the final session.
All we need is the captain's order.
All we need now is a message.
All we need now is an open channel to Data.
All we need now is power.
All we offer is the cold reality of his mother's death.
All went as planned.
All went well on Starbase twelve.
All who oppose me are traitors.
All will be assimilated.
All you can see is the opportunity to exploit me.
All you can see is this probe.
All you care about is getting your next dosage.
All you care about is me becoming a warrior.
All you care about is your honour!
All you did was recognise elements from two different Holmes stories.
All you have to do is make up some excuse about what happened to her.
All you need to know for now is that we want to rest.
All you need to know is here.
All you wanted was revenge.
All you've done is teach them to enjoy killing.
All your friends on board do.
All your readings are completely normal.
All yours, Commander.
All's forgiven.
Allenby, set a new course.
Alliance.
Allow him to think he's succeeding.
Allow me to be blunt.
Allow me to brighten your table.
Allow me to demonstrate.
Allow me to explain.
Allow me to heat your tea.
Allow me to introduce Voval.
Allow me to introduce my staff.
Allow me to introduce myself.
Allow me to present myself.
Allow me to present she who is my wife.
Allow me, with the help of Mister La Forge, to explain.
Allow my brother to return to his life.
Allow us all time to think about what's been said.
Allow us to help Mister Whalen, and we will return with the item.
Allow us to meet.
Allow us transport Lieutenant La Forge immediately.
Allowed your mental powers to rust.
Allowing the Ornarans to lead normal lives.
Allowing the condemned prisoner fresh air?
Allowing them access to our computer is a complete breech of Starfleet security.
Allows me to see.
Almost a century.
Almost a day's travel in just thirty seconds?
Almost all of the peace delegates answered our questions with lies.
Almost an hour.
Almost anything could interfere.
Almost as bad.
Almost as if I were experiencing a feedback loop in my mnemonic network.
Almost as if it's an afterthought.
Almost as if they were hit by a weapon from our time.
Almost as though he wanted to establish that there was nothing wrong.
Almost as useful as those I had with my father.
Almost at resonance.
Almost but not quite.
Almost done, Commander.
Almost done, sir.
Almost every wish.
Almost everyone was dead.
Almost fifty times normal.
Almost four years.
Almost got it, Commander.
Almost had them, Ensign.
Almost human.
Almost isn't good enough.
Almost like an imagination.
Almost nothing about his part in this mission.
Almost ready, Captain.
Almost ready, sir.
Almost ready.
Almost right.
Almost seems like it knew just when to leave.
Almost stepped on her by accident.
Almost there, Geordi.
Almost there.
Almost time to get back.
Almost time.
Almost two hundred years.
Almost?
Alone, Captain.
Alone, Captain?
Alone, Number One.
Alone, sir?
Alone?
Along the same principle as that which is draining energy from our ships.
Along with some new jokes, I hope.
Alors, nous sommes presque freres.
Alpha One clearance.
Alpha Onias three.
Alpha Seven to Alpha Nine.
Alpha Two clearance recognised.
Alpha Two clearance.
Alpha four seven authorisation required to activate security channel.
Alpha is unwilling to give up its new-found energy source.
Alpha shift is relieved.
Alpha shift, your response time was seven percent slower than the gamma shift.
Already another one to take his place.
Already been taken care of.
Already have.
Already set.
Already, Jean-Luc?
Already?
Alright!
Alright, I was probably a little younger than he is.
Alright, don't worry, we'll get you out of here.
Alright, helping is more important.
Alright?
Also any other signs of drugs, hallucinogens or other contaminants.
Also becomes a reality.
Also known as twenty one, a number which defines the object of the game.
Also no answer to our inquiries.
Also not on this ship.
Also seen as a source of status and virility.
Also travelling at warp speed, sir.
Also, it puts things in perspective.
Altarian viruses can be a nasty business.
Alter course accordingly.
Alter course for Alpha Omicron.
Alter course for Vulcan.
Altered?
Altering the past.
Alternate plan?
Although I do have gaps in my memory, I know that fire is not an element.
Although I doubt their extensive preparation will be needed.
Although I will admit, for a doctor you're not a bad looking woman.
Although it's been fourteen hours since we arrived at 'audet Nine.
Although tedious, this endeavour is the first step toward planet colonisation.
Although this was highly improbable, it was the only remaining theory.
Although we are on a peaceful mission, we are ready to go into battle instantly.
Although you do have help.
Always alone?
Always changing.
Always fair.
Always good to meet another Chief Petty Officer.
Always has been.
Always seems to come back to that, doesn't it.
Always sneaking up on one.
Always talking when there's work to be done.
Always the same stubborn fools.
Always there is a part of her that.
Always time to meet your friends, Mirasta.
Always wants to hear the same thing, Melor Famagal.
Always was.
Always watch your back.
Always, Number One.
Always?
Alyssa lost the baby.
Alyssa, I think you know how much I've come to depend upon you here.
Alyssa, I think you're overreacting.
Alyssa, I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to leave now.
Alyssa, can you take care of Spot for a minute?
Alyssa, thank you for coming so quickly.
Alyssa, that's wonderful!
Alyssa, would you get me?
Alyssa.
Am I a person or property?
Am I a prisoner here?
Am I a prisoner?
Am I alive?
Am I authorised to enter the Neutral Zone?
Am I being foolish?
Am I bothering you, Captain?
Am I correct in assuming you regret your decision to come here?
Am I crazy to think that she's still alive?
Am I dancing, Doctor?
Am I going crazy?
Am I going to meet Captain Picard?
Am I in assuming the damage the shuttle is not as bad as it seems?
Am I in trouble?
Am I interrupting anything?
Am I intruding, Commander?
Am I late?
Am I making this sound incredibly dull?
Am I moving too fast for you?
Am I not behaving as a solicitous mate?
Am I not paying enough attention to you?
Am I one of the most unique you've ever met?
Am I right?
Am I so different from you, Doctor?
Am I supposed to believe that you care how we live?
Am I supposed to stand up and salute?
Am I to be blamed for the judgment of a child?
Am I to infer that you intend to keep me captive?
Am I to understand that Garvin's illness has spread?
Am I to understand the Bynars have stolen the Enterprise?
Am I too late?
Am I wrong?
Amanda deserves to know the truth of her situation.
Amanda's a Q?
Amanda's home.
Amanda's question deserves an answer, Q.
Amanda, I don't know.
Amanda, allow me to introduce, er, Q.
Amanda, what Q is asking is have you ever deliberately used your abilities?
Amanda, you are stronger than you think.
Amazing man.
Amazing power.
Amazing they still work.
Ambassador Alkar is dead.
Ambassador Byleth is demanding, temperamental and rude.
Ambassador K'Ehleyr will be preparing me for my role in the rite of succession.
Ambassador K'Ehleyr.
Ambassador Loquel was sent to experience pleasure.
Ambassador Loquel's quite pleasant.
Ambassador Loquel, Ambassador Byleth.
Ambassador Odan, this is Governor Leka Trion of Peliar Zel.
Ambassador Odan; Doctor Crusher.
Ambassador Sarek has successfully concluded the negotiations with the Legarans.
Ambassador Sarek, Perrin, on behalf of the entire crew, welcome.
Ambassador Spock has gone to Romulus and you are going after him.
Ambassador Spock of Vulcan.
Ambassador Spock will be making an announcement shortly.
Ambassador Spock, may I ask a personal question?
Ambassador T'Pel has been killed in a transporter malfunction.
Ambassador T'Pel.
Ambassador Tomalak.
Ambassador Ves Alkar, and my mother, Sev Maylor.
Ambassador!
Ambassador, I think we're going to get along very well.
Ambassador, I urge you once more to reconsider.
Ambassador, I'm afraid I must insist that you provide us with more information.
Ambassador, I'm curious.
Ambassador, I'm sure Sakkath and I can handle all the necessary details.
Ambassador, You must return to the Enterprise immediately.
Ambassador, are you still having those awful headaches?
Ambassador, have a safe trip home.
Ambassador, it's an honour to meet you.
Ambassador, it's clear you're in pain.
Ambassador, meet me in Transporter room six in an hour.
Ambassador, thank you for coming.
Ambassador, the Counsellor and I are needed on the Bridge.
Ambassador, the situation sounds so volatile.
Ambassador, we are honoured by your presence.
Ambassador, we can stall the representatives.
Ambassador, we have not even attempted a diplomatic effort yet.
Ambassador, when you feel up to it, would you join me in my Ready room?
Ambassador, you may find this of interest.
Ambassador, your logic escapes me.
Ambush!
Amen.
American?
Ammonia, chlorine, potassium chloride.
Amnesty.
Amnesty?
Among my people, a female can never outrank a man.
Among other things, his relationship with his father.
Among them Connor and Moira Rossa.
Amused?
Amusing, human.
An Al-Leyan transport is scheduled to arrive at the station three weeks later.
An Andorian female.
An Ascension ceremony.
An Elanin singer stone.
An aberration.
An accident in Engineering.
An accident in which all five cadets lost their lives.
An accident?
An accidental explosion has devastated a mining operation there.
An accurate analogy.
An accurate description of humans, sir.
An accurate observation.
An admirable woman.
An admiral from Starfleet has come to take me away, Troi.
An admiral?
An adventurer.
An adventurer?
An advisor so trusted that he is become part of a family.
An aggregate field of plane-polarised objects has just appeared.
An airborne particle whose sweet scent inspires deep inhalation.
An alcohol-based synthetic, artificially reproducing a floral scent.
An ale for me, and for my officers.
An algorithm?
An alien life form has taken possession of my Medical Lab.
An alien presence?
An alien?
An alliance?
An altercation, perhaps.
An amusing notion.
An analysis of the life span of the swarming moths of Gonal Four.
An anatomical profile or a neurophysiology scan?
An ancient Earth device used primarily for transportation.
An ancient ritual still practiced when they celebrate events of importance.
An ancient solar generator, still operating.
An ancient trail along the Kabul River in the Himalayas.
An android alarm clock.
An android chaperon.
An animal is always at its best when hunted.
An ant pushing a tricycle.
An aphrodisiac is something used to stimulate or enhance sexual pleasure.
An appointment?
An arbitration?
An area of blackness.
An area that's selected for a period of time.
An armed group of Indians has taken two Cardassian prisoners.
An army with fist open to lure the enemy.
An arrangement considered most sensible and natural.
An arrogant child!
An artificial environment has been constructed on the southern continent, sir.
An artificially created energy conduit?
An artist's growth depends upon accurate feedback.
An astronomical survey to be conducted by the science officers, I believe.
An attempt to sow dissension and mistrust.
An away team is preparing to search for him.
An echo of the last moment of life.
An eight, an Ace, a Queen and a four.
An elderly man, not in the best of health.
An elm tree with a circular bench?
An emergency bulkhead closed just beneath that lift.
An emergency of some sort?
An emergency saucer separation could rupture the warp field.
An emergency transponder?
An emissary of the High Council.
An end to pain.
An enhanced humanoid.
An enormous amount of data is being received and stored in the main computer.
An entire Earth colony did disappear down there.
An entire civilisation that's terminally ill.
An entire crew.
An entire legion was assigned to the section.
An entire shipload of such inconsistency could drive one insane.
An epidermal mold.
An era where honour has no meaning?
An eruption is forming on the surface.
An escape pod.
An escape pod?
An escape route.
An event I would most certainly enjoy witnessing.
An evolutionary step in the wrong direction.
An excellent achievement.
An excellent idea, Lieutenant.
An excellent performance, Mister Crusher.
An excellent reason to escape.
An excellent steed, sir.
An excellent thirst quencher.
An experiment, Captain?
An explosion this close could cripple us.
An explosive device at the mission site.
An explosive device must've been used to destroy the craft after it crashed.
An explosive device went off.
An extremely large storm system over the Caldos colony.
An historic moment.
An honour, perhaps.
An illicit weapon has been detected in the transport beam, sir.
An illusion.
An image of romance.
An immortal being of disguises and false surroundings.
An impostor running my ship.
An impulse.
An inability to do something?
An incoming message.
An incoming vessel has bypassed our stargate, violating our law.
An individual feather.
An inexorable evolution toward a Vulcan philosophy has already begun.
An infection?
An ink brush.
An instinct.
An intense emotional response provoked by an object.
An intentional fabrication.
An interesting approach.
An interesting choice, Mister Crusher.
An interesting choice.
An interesting hypothesis.
An interesting notion which I do not share.
An interesting suggestion, Lieutenant.
An interesting toy, to be sure.
An intriguing experiment.
An intriguing hypothesis.
An invasion from the future?
An investigation is in order.
An investigation might reveal some indication of their purpose.
An iron filing.
An irony.
An island.
An item.
An object has no life.
An odd surge of power, sir.
An old Bajoran friend of mine used to make it.
An old Chinese philosopher from ancient Earth history.
An old man.
An old waste vessel caught by your planet's gravitational pull.
An old woman.
An old-fashioned way of communicating?
An ophidian.
An opponent of limited dimensions can often be quite diverting.
An opportunity to learn from one another.
An optimistic vote of confidence from a non-rider.
An overhead lamp.
An uncustomary reshuffling of personnel, usually in the command areas.
An unexpected bonus.
An unexplained power fluctuation.
An unfortunate reality.
An unidentified spacecraft has entered orbit above our planet.
An unsuspecting enemy ship flies in.
An untimely death, an accident.
An unusual disease.
Analyse molecular sequences on nucleic acid chains.
Analyse the pattern of the flashes.
Analyse.
Analysing soil samples.
Analysing that data will keep us busy for a while.
Analysis confirmed.
Analysis in thirty minutes.
Analysis of the nebula cloud, Mister Data.
Analysis verified.
Analysis?
Anaphasic energy is extremely unstable.
Anbo-jyutsu.
Ancient history.
Ancient texts did speak of 'Demons of Air and Darkness'.
Ancient.
Ancillary power is failing.
And Alaska.
And Alkar said she had been ill, but I found no evidence of any disease.
And Alpha moon?
And Captain Picard has been a role model in my quest to be more human.
And Captain Scott.
And Captain, thank you for making me feel welcome.
And Captain, there are absolutely no traces of Iverson's Disease.
And Captain, we appreciate your gift of the coils.
And Captain, would it be possible for you to perform the ceremony?
And Chief O'Brien in Ten Forward?
And Commander Data in particular?
And Commander Riker is the only one who can tell us.
And Commander Riker?
And Commander.
And Cor Caroli Five.
And Data are in an empty holodeck) Captain's log, supplemental.
And Data wasn't yet alive at that time.
And Data would have left a trace imprint when he beamed down?
And Data, all communication with this life form must cease.
And Data, will you leave your hesitation and self-doubt here in your quarters.
And Data.
And Doctor Watson.
And Doctor?
And Ensign Sito, I must ask you not to discuss this mission with anyone.
And Ensign, if you encounter any holes, steer clear.
And Farpoint Station?
And Finn was trying to get away from him.
And Geordi's visor somehow triggered that effect?
And Geordi, if you have symptoms of any kind, I want to know immediately.
And Hickman?
And I 'was looking forward to seeing the Epsilon Pulsar Cluster for myself.
And I also know that you challenged it.
And I always have.
And I am able to use the power at my fingertips.
And I am beginning to feel a little influenced.
And I am certain he will want to speak with you.
And I am not convinced you are, either.
And I am older than you could ever imagine.
And I am prepared to accept the responsibility.
And I am sorry I messed up.
And I approved.
And I assure you that Mister Data would be most upset if you didn't.
And I believe he was acting under direct orders, Baran.
And I believe it is our job to out-con the con artist.
And I believe it is prone to irrationality.
And I believe it was now that he decided finally to kill him.
And I believe it will be a great one.
And I believe that these were all valuable ends in themselves.
And I bet you never fell.
And I bought some special candles for the table setting.
And I can feel that you're my son.
And I can feel you.
And I can prove it to you.
And I can't give him anything to stop it.
And I can't guarantee they'll have any.
And I can't help thinking how she will be with him.
And I can't risk trusting you.
And I cannot allow that to happen.
And I cannot ignore it.
And I couldn't bear to do that.
And I didn't even catch it.
And I didn't have a father long enough to know him.
And I do know one thing.
And I do not appreciate being interrupted.
And I do not appreciate wasting my time.
And I do not want to kill you.
And I do want to get to know you.
And I don't feel comfortable with children.
And I don't find your modesty very unconvincing, brother.
And I don't give a damn what you think.
And I don't hide that I'm an empath.
And I don't think we can risk that.
And I don't want to.
And I doubt they're prepared to cope with the kind of cold that's coming.
And I expect you to do your duty in that courtroom.
And I expect you to follow them.
And I finally have the answers I've been looking for.
And I find myself hoping that the next man won't come in.
And I find nothing helpful or productive in any of this!
And I found it wanting.
And I found it!
And I found these pieces in the tertiary level of the dig.
And I gave you the weapons to do it.
And I got to get it to Keystone City.
And I guess you'll just have to arm your photon torpedo countdowns without me.
And I had no love for them, I won't deny it.
And I have allowed it to go off on its merry way.
And I have no choice.
And I have no fear of killing you.
And I have rejected your explanation.
And I have so much to tell you.
And I have spent these years searching, seeking a proper blood revenge!
And I have studied your design for the particle fountain.
And I have to admit I never thought I would.
And I haven't the slightest idea how to stop it.
And I heard the Picard say he wanted to find Palmer.
And I heard you ask Wesley on the Bridge how well he knew Jeremy.
And I hope to stay that way.
And I hope you won't spread it around that I let you in.
And I hoped he would prove himself.
And I intend to honour it.
And I intend to share that life with them.
And I just caught my father practicing naked in front of his mirror.
And I just don't seem to talk to him as often as I used to.
And I knew that he was dead.
And I knew you would be this brave.
And I know I can win this challenge.
And I know just where to put it.
And I know my way around the Starfleet shuttle.
And I know who this is.
And I loved all of them!
And I made those dreams come true, too, didn't I?
And I may not injure your son at all.
And I mean serious.
And I misled you.
And I must complete it before any other consideration.
And I must help.
And I must respectfully decline.
And I never realised how erotic that could be.
And I never thought a Bajoran would risk her life to help a Cardassian get home.
And I plan to keep it that way.
And I raise twenty.
And I rarely refuse an interesting challenge.
And I really don't know who to trust anymore.
And I really needed him.
And I recommend that you dinna, either.
And I refuse to be a party to any of these proceedings.
And I remember feeling so ashamed of him as he begged for mercy.
And I remember there was talk of an entity?
And I remember you.
And I respect that.
And I saw you there.
And I saw you.
And I should strongly suggest you stay out of our way.
And I shut him down.
And I still do.
And I suspect that some day it will come for you as well.
And I swam a lot.
And I think I saw him at the funeral.
And I think it should be you, Captain.
And I think that falls into this category.
And I think there's a certain logic in this request.
And I think you sent her there.
And I think you should allow yourself to experience it.
And I thought it would always would, so I tucked my heart away.
And I understand this means a great deal to you.
And I very much respected what you did tonight.
And I walked a lot.
And I want a level four security alert.
And I want to be a part of that.
And I want to examine your data, in detail.
And I want to remember.
And I want to say that, I want to say I'm sorry.
And I want you to have it, too.
And I was also his wife.
And I was proud that my family were helping to preserve the traditions.
And I was right, Number One.
And I was sent to experience love.
And I wasn't alone.
And I wasn't altogether sure they were going to be compatible.
And I welcome this huge one.
And I will be your guide, if you would like.
And I will fire on anyone who attempts to obtain another one.
And I will let him go.
And I will match his command style with your statistics any time.
And I will not make it easy.
And I will not return without a full explanation.
And I will override.
And I will perform a self-diagnostic.
And I will still be proud to have you as my First Officer.
And I will turn myself into what he wants me to be, for the rest of my life.
And I won't let you or anyone else tell me that I am.
And I won't.
And I you, Alexander.
And I you.
And I'd like to inspect the remains of Melona Colony as soon as possible.
And I'd like to.
And I'd probably still be there if I hadn't trusted one man.
And I'd say your Captain has the inside track.
And I'll be with you as well, Commander.
And I'll lead it.
And I'll let you into a little secret, Sonny.
And I'll put you in touch with our research people, if you wish.
And I'll see you in a few minutes.
And I'll tell you something.
And I'll tell you this.
And I'm Devinoni Ral.
And I'm a pretty good student.
And I'm concerned about your presence on this delicate mission.
And I'm getting younger!
And I'm going to ask a very, very high price.
And I'm good lookin' too, huh?
And I'm just an old man who's trying to hide in it.
And I'm no spring chicken, I know.
And I'm not alone.
And I'm not daydreaming either.
And I'm not going to give it to him, Picard.
And I'm not going to quit now.
And I'm not going to quit.
And I'm not used to dying.
And I'm really glad that you can see me.
And I'm sorry if my being here embarrasses you.
And I'm sorry the exocomps aren't working out.
And I'm still doing it.
And I'm sure the council members will agree with you.
And I'm very much against that idea.
And I'm willing to stake our lives on it.
And I've already called for reserved forces into the sector.
And I've also done some scans on a random cross-section from our crew.
And I've been wondering if they were the right ones.
And I've found a better way.
And I've often wondered if my son called for me.
And I've regretted that all of my life.
And I've seen it happen to so many patients.
And Jacks and fours for the Counsellor.
And Jalad.
And Kolrami's right.
And Krola is the best evidence of all.
And LB one zero four four five is only known to exist on one place.
And Lieutenant Barnaby has returned from the surface.
And Liva?
And Micro-brain.
And Miss Rogers?
And Mister Data, thank you.
And Mister Mendoza will certainly agree.
And Mister Worf, the Bridge wouldn't be the same without you.
And Number One, good work.
And Number One?
And Palmer?
And Perrin.
And Sarek?
And Spock?
And Tasha Yar was one of them.
And Tasha did not?
And Wesley didn't provoke you in any way?
And Wyatt Miller.
And Wyatt will do it.
And You should be happy.
And a blue dress.
And a damn sexy man.
And a friend of the Captain's.
And a great one.
And a little terrifying.
And a loss of life, I believe, measured at nearly eleven thousand.
And a lot of impudence.
And a personal invitation to a celebration on Aldea.
And a ship's cloaking field?
And a spectrographic analysis, and a screen for ionising radiation.
And a student thesis is a long way from a workable plan.
And a terrific dancer.
And a trail, which is so well marked, that obviously we are meant to follow it.
And a very good job of it I did of it, too.
And a very good job she does of it, too.
And a very interesting animal.
And a witness.
And a wonderful job you did of it, too.
And about the choices I've made.
And absolute power corrupts absolutely.
And absolutely not to destroy.
And acknowledged.
And after I have another look at you, Captain.
And after I used it to kill the tyrant Molor I gave it a name.
And after her recovery, she returned home.
And afterward?
And again, gentlemen, many thanks.
And all I have is nightmares.
And all because we are different.
And all of it based on a lie.
And all of it caused by him.
And all of it is before the collision.
And all of their sensor logs.
And all of these occurred on schedule?
And all the hoping in the world wouldn't make it so.
And all this may mean something.
And allowing Kosinski to take credit for what you did.
And alone.
And always remember.
And am I that transparent?
And an ale.
And another William Riker materialised there.
And another fibroid-like connection here.
And another one.
And anyway, I'm not much of an actor.
And apparently, the Captain destroyed the ship without notice or provocation.
And are located near the system J two five.
And are these gentlemen the Bynars?
And are they aware of us?
And are they present on the Enterprise?
And are those scholars saying the Ferengi may not unlike us?
And are you saying that this belief will eventually become a religion?
And as I watched Worf, it was like looking at a man that I had never known.
And as I'm supposed to be dead, I'll go and get some sleep.
And as a result my reputation has no doubt grown.
And as a result, the holodeck imaging processor has been severely destabilised.
And as an android, you are programmed to tell the entire truth?
And as hard as I try, I cannot regret even that one.
And as someone once said, diplomacy is the art of the possible.
And as soon as I was old enough, I entered flight school.
And as suffering grows, more will demand to leave.
And as to the other business, that's between me and Yanar, no one else.
And as usual, you are here to point out the error of my ways.
And as you know, I provide the most memorable desserts.
And as you see, sir, it's pointing you that way.
And assaulting prisoners is hardly a fair trial.
And assemble the bridge staff for a mission briefing in fifteen minutes.
And assign quarters to Minister Yale.
And at higher speeds.
And at my birthday party, the cake was chocolate and then it was yellow.
And at the instant of death, Lutan, a mating agreement dissolves.
And at the moment it is all pure speculation.
And at the same time, it stimulates the brain's reasoning centre.
And at this moment, I really have no idea why not.
And at your convenience, there is a briefing on the Solari wars.
And back in uniform.
And bartending.
And be Wesley Crusher's room mate?
And be careful, Number One.
And be careful.
And be snapped by a pair of journeyman hurlers for the Cleveland Indians.
And because I've never been one to play it safe, I choose to try.
And because it is in your blood.
And because of that, my daughter will never worry about going hungry.
And being a businesswoman, I'm sure you understand.
And being the only doctor on board, I had to do it myself.
And believe me, I can.
And believe me, it's good to be back.
And besides, if you back out, she'll come after me to play the part.
And besides, these old boys here don't need us telling them where the bear sits.
And both backup stabilisers.
And bred by those people to seal a treaty with a seductive coup de grace.
And bring a tricorder with you.
And broken your leg.
And by so doing do I endanger this vessel and more than a thousand other lives?
And by the way, I was about the same age you are now.
And bypass the flow current, and (nothing).
And call Central Security.
And capillary integrity too unpredictable to attempt a resect.
And captains always push themselves too hard.
And cautious.
And certain resourceful young Ensigns.
And chaste, until I succumb to your charms.
And claw at you.
And communication now restored to Engineering.
And congratulations.
And continue universal greetings on all frequencies.
And could alter molecular structure when it comes in contact with glass.
And could be potentially paralysing.
And couldn't this Overseer heal the dead?
And create the temple?
And creeping up on it at half impulse makes even less sense.
And damned annoying at times.
And danger.
And dangerous.
And death?
And defensive shields are still in place.
And did I hear a laugh?
And did this full training include discipline?
And did you?
And did your failure to notice it make it unwelcome?
And disappeared.
And do what?
And do you believe that you can gain the support of your full Senate?
And do you suspect that that is my intent?
And docking complete.
And doesn't have to be told by a woman?
And don't be afraid to experiment.
And don't move.
And don't you dare join me, Ro Laren.
And elates us.
And energise.
And even after we graduated, we'd try to get posted to the same duty.
And even better than that, I'm almost ready to get rid of your friend Galen.
And even to reverse death itself.
And every genetic fibre in my being demands that I protect them.
And everyone has.
And exactly what is the nature of this clandestine assignment?
And extremely dangerous, Commander.
And failed.
And false humility.
And feel free to examine the work of the other students too.
And fifty seven seconds.
And fire!
And firing not on the new space station, but on the Bandi and their city.
And five more.
And five.
And for him.
And for now, I have work to do.
And for one brief moment, you did.
And for that we are called misfits and deviants and criminals.
And for that, I need his cooperation.
And for that, you need a sample.
And for the Ornarans.
And for the lady?
And for the last thirty eight years I have survived here.
And for this opportunity, she is willing to provide services to assist you.
And for you, I think.
And for you, Mister Worf.
And from these specifics, what general conclusion can you extrapolate?
And from what I can tell, they're spreading.
And furthermore, I will make you help me find it.
And get me that treaty.
And give the other blade a jagged edge.
And giving the commencement address.
And got married twice.
And gratitude.
And great accomplishments.
And have been spreading it around the ship.
And have him bring along a uniform.
And have you enjoyed much success with this approach, Counsellor?
And have you noticed how you and I are now on a first name basis?
And he also called himself a counsellor.
And he describes it pretty damned well.
And he did seem familiar to me.
And he died before we could come to terms with that.
And he doesn't look like a client.
And he had a lot of respect for you, and everybody on the team.
And he had confederates.
And he is being insulated against that truth by those who love him most.
And he knew I was serious.
And he looked at me with eyes I'd never seen.
And he looks like Commander Data.
And he managed to get injured right when the game was brought on board.
And he never spoke to you about me?
And he never, ever got noticed by anyone.
And he sang to me, and kept me safe.
And he seems much calmer.
And he seems to still have difficulty telling the truth.
And he should have it back.
And he smelled funny.
And he told you he was a victim of circumstance, blameless and pure.
And he told you what happened?
And he wanted you to know that.
And he wants to talk to the Captain.
And he was near me in each case just before I noticed the differences.
And he was on his way to Indri Eight when he was killed.
And he was very odd with me afterwards.
And he was?
And he went away.
And he will not hesitate to use Riker to prove that he is correct.
And he will require water.
And he won a ribbon for it.
And he won't ask you to dance.
And he won't give up.
And he'll grant us favours in return.
And he's an android.
And he's bluntly told me you said Klingons do not listen to teachers.
And he's feeling remorse at what he has witnessed.
And he's good too.
And he's lonely.
And he's nothing like what I expected.
And he's obsessed with food.
And he's right.
And he's starting out in the warmth of friends.
And healed him.
And henceforth, a dessert course shall precede and follow every meal.
And her visit to this ship?
And her vital signs?
And here I am.
And here we are.
And here's my hand on it.
And here, here's another.
And here, here, where the energy is lowest?
And here, the backup conn and ops panels, plus shield and armoury controls.
And him?
And his brother, Morath.
And his craft?
And his father.
And his journals?
And his men!
And his vital signs are deteriorating.
And his wild harp slung behind him.
And holding.
And how are you feeling, Nicholas?
And how are you this morning?
And how are you, Counsellor?
And how are your friends, Keiko, Guinan and Ro?
And how badly the vaccine is needed.
And how can you know?
And how could I forget that you didn't have enough latinum to cover my winnings?
And how did you get here?
And how do we do that?
And how do we know this is the heroic Captain Picard?
And how do we modify them without losing life support?
And how do you know that?
And how do you know we'll be safe there?
And how do you propose to convince her?
And how is that accomplished?
And how long do you think the negotiations will take?
And how long will you keep him there?
And how many did you plat against?
And how many of those are present on the Enterprise?
And how many of those can exist in an oxygen atmosphere?
And how much might anything be?
And how much more latinum will it take to offset this risk?
And how much would your confidence cost?
And how often did Lieutenant J'Dan come in for his injections?
And how shall you answer them tonight, Chancellor?
And how you perform in a mismatch is precisely what is of interest to Starfleet.
And how, may I ask, have you managed to determine that?
And if I do find it, what then?
And if I don't inform you there is a reason.
And if I don't, who will?
And if I don't?
And if I hand you over to Debin, then it's the same thing.
And if I have?
And if I refuse to go along with this?
And if I refuse?
And if I should tell you to leave and never return to my world?
And if I stay here, these Klingons will not accept me for what I am.
And if I step off this holodeck?
And if I was in your place I'd do it without hesitation.
And if I win, all off you shave your beards off.
And if I'm not mistaken, it ends a few months after your birth.
And if it doesn't?
And if it interfered with neural activity there?
And if it was Q, I owe him a debt of gratitude.
And if it's not successful?
And if it's not too premature, congratulations, Captain.
And if my wishes should conflict with yours?
And if so, this is a find of most enormous significance.
And if that happens, we will have to punish you.
And if that means destroying your ship in the process, so be it.
And if that upsets you, then so be it.
And if that's how this has to be, then I just can't do this anymore.
And if that's true, then someone else killed him.
And if the Ferengi also realise the forcefield emanates from the planet, sir?
And if the government doesn't survive?
And if they are not?
And if they are?
And if they attempt to block my installation?
And if they don't find Palmer?
And if they don't understand something I'll explain it to them telepathically.
And if they don't, I will.
And if they find us, we'll tell them we got lost.
And if they were, why wouldn't they do it at full speed?
And if they're moving among humans, they must have taken on human form.
And if this Zone were still in effect, you would all deserve death.
And if we die while caged by your tractor beam, so be it.
And if we do not?
And if we don't remove them, the Sheliak will.
And if we refuse?
And if we wish to execute him?
And if you are concerned about him, I see no evidence that there is a problem.
And if you can see and hear me, our hope has been fulfilled.
And if you care to enter, Commander?
And if you did?
And if you do not tell me what you have done, I will kill you right here.
And if you do not, I will simply kill somebody else.
And if you finally fail, I fear it will snap.
And if you find any survivors, what then?
And if you get out of here, you're going to stand trial.
And if you hadn't you'd be dead right now along with all the rest of them.
And if you keep Riker, Starfleet will never stop chasing for you.
And if you like, I'd be more than pleased to expedite her departure.
And if you need any help, just give me a signal and I'll take over for you.
And if you succeed, can you use that information to help your mother?
And if you were in my position, I hope you'd be willing to do the same thing.
And if you will be still, Mister Elbrun, you may learn.
And if you'll excuse the conceit, I want to tell you about my detective story.
And if you're older.
And if you're very lucky, I'll drop by to say hello from time to time.
And if you're wrong, the moon will crumble due to subspace compression.
And if your theory fails to pay off?
And in order to do that we're going to have to go down there.
And in reply the judge stated, yes, absolutely equitable.
And in that same area that we first saw one of the organisms.
And in the end the other became infected as well.
And in the meantime, I'll see what I can learn from these people inside Data.
And in the meantime, you will be taken to your quarters.
And in the second place, if you're determined to be.
And in two hours, he's going to try to kill you.
And inform Chief O'Brien I will be calling on him.
And interfering with a trade arrangement that has lasted for generations!
And interspersed among these confidences have been some alarming references.
And into specific patterns of matter, just as our transporters do.
And is it the same situation if it's an epidemic, and not a geological calamity?
And is that why they can't conceive?
And isn't it obvious what's going on?
And issue a general distress call.
And it becomes comfortable, like old leather.
And it couldn't have happened at a worse time.
And it fits Lutan's personality profile as well.
And it frightens you.
And it gives you no pleasure to see me again.
And it gnaws at me, and it interferes with each of my days.
And it has nothing to do with Commander Riker's new assignment?
And it is against Starfleet orders to accept a surrender otherwise.
And it is but eighteen hours away.
And it is designed to travel at warp nine.
And it is expanding.
And it is my cause to make sure that this extraordinary union be preserved.
And it is my final grade in plasma physics.
And it is you who have committed an act of treason by firing upon this ship.
And it is your hypothesis that I am the cause of these incidents?
And it makes you happy, doesn't it?
And it might not.
And it must be rectified.
And it paid off.
And it showed up as an EPS explosion?
And it very much regrets the accidental death of Engineer Singh.
And it wants me.
And it was absolutely real to me.
And it was inclined.
And it was people like these that saved me from it.
And it was raining.
And it weakened him, in some way leading to the incredible leap out here.
And it will only get better.
And it won't hurt to have the Romulans know that we're nearby.
And it worked, perfectly.
And it worked.
And it would be easier if this had never happened or if it would just go away.
And it would take us some time to select a replacement.
And it'll keep me from wrecking the ship.
And it's been determined that they date back to the late nineteenth century?
And it's delicious.
And it's great that you realise it.
And it's intensifying!
And it's my honour to tell him that his son may have betrayed the Federation.
And it's not a very nice thing to do.
And it's not going to be cheap.
And it's not going to be easy to find out.
And it's ours.
And it's the second time you've replaced a crewmate who's died.
And its crew.
And joy.
And jury.
And just enough hytritium for this crisis?
And just how soon would this mission begin?
And just to make it more interesting, the man with the axe takes all.
And just what location are they accepted from?
And just who tells visitors about these rules?
And learn ways to destroy you.
And leave her here?
And less enjoyable.
And let's credit his science teacher, too.
And light, as if they were made for women to use.
And living there, you and me, the wall got bigger.
And lonely.
And look at me, Annie, look at me.
And look what we've done.
And lost.
And love.
And make arrangements to do an encephalographic polygraph scan.
And many more died bringing water to the desert.
And mark.
And may this union be a productive one.
And may your cloak bring you all you deserve.
And me?
And mine, sir.
And miss all this?
And more over here.
And more than that.
And more, perhaps.
And much harder to get away with.
And much that is not in common.
And my Security Officer, Lieutenant Natasha Yar.
And my improved memory lets me remember each of those eighty four faces.
And my job is to see that this ship runs smoothly.
And my officer?
And my parents and brothers?
And my personal life is really none of your business, thank you.
And my understanding is these men are programmed to survive.
And necessary defensive weapons, too.
And neither will Counsellor Troi.
And next time, wear a suit.
And no apparent explanation for the energy loss?
And no doubt so has Ariana, which helped the two of you to make contact.
And no one believes me.
And no one can deny that ship of his is unlike anything we've ever seen before.
And no one ever offered him a command.
And no one seems to see that, except the Maquis.
And no one would have missed me, would they?
And no ship.
And no sign there ever was.
And no, Billy boy, I wasn't distracted on Ghorusda.
And nobody captured you.
And none too good for Klingons.
And not by much, from what I saw.
And not even a thank you.
And nothing shameful in a strategic retreat, either.
And nothing you or anyone else can say will change that.
And now I find that it's all about a fantasy plaything.
And now I have seen elements of the dream in a waking state.
And now I must repay you in kind.
And now I'm having trouble remembering anything.
And now I've got this damned headache.
And now a man will shut it off.
And now a personal request, sir.
And now all you can do is complain?
And now everything is going to turn out like it did before.
And now he's about to be ruled the property of Starfleet.
And now it's come to this.
And now it's done, isn't it?
And now it's like he's afraid to face me.
And now it's time for you to meet some new friends.
And now it's too late.
And now one hundred ten million.
And now remove Leitjen.
And now remove Mendez.
And now she'll have something to celebrate.
And now she's returning?
And now that you know, what do you intend to do?
And now the Stargazer is really here!.
And now the chance to resolve all of those differences is gone.
And now the reward.
And now the time has come, it's too late.
And now they have become militant.
And now they have this new device that makes them even more deadly.
And now they're here.
And now two hundred million.
And now we must solemnise our union with the oath.
And now we're friends.
And now we're supplying the devices with the energy to kill us.
And now you know why it is so highly prized.
And now you propose to dismantle him.
And now you want to try it again?
And now you're here on Caldos, two hundred light years away?
And now you're here questioning whether it should be treated as the enemy.
And now you're saying it could be possible for me to have normal vision?
And now, Lwaxana Troi, let us talk.
And now, attempt to concentrate completely on your duty of the moment.
And now, dear Captain, you are ready to live the past.
And now, for strictly personal reasons, I must leave.
And now, the Traveller, a mysterious visitor from our past, has reappeared.
And now, there's a possibility that she is alive.
And now, we have received intelligence that both sides are arming for war.
And now, well, I'm here, and I'm going to take her too.
And now.
And obviously you do.
And of Mrs Soong.
And of course Noonian was never satisfied.
And of course your knowledge of phaser and photon weaponry is unmatched.
And of more immediate importance is your ability to work within groups.
And oh, so cocky.
And on Armus Nine I wore feathers.
And on Romulus you learn not to volunteer information.
And once I got older, and knew what I was, I was terrified.
And once Yanar accepted the Jewel the marriage would have been made.
And once inside the body, it becomes that damned virus.
And once the Federation resettles us, we'll be left alone?
And once you've taught her, then you'll go away?
And one more full day for their answer to return.
And one of these.
And one of those canisters was broken.
And only if it is convenient and appropriate at the time.
And only what, six weeks of lessons.
And only with Data out of the way would everybody become addicted.
And others of your kind have the same ability?
And our attacker fired on the wrong one.
And our best shot barely scratched the surface.
And our captors are not affected by phaser stun settings.
And our memories of that day?
And our position reads exactly what it was before this sleigh ride began, sir.
And our response?
And painful.
And part of it says I must protect my people from harm.
And perchance for interest's sake, a deadly game?
And perhaps I should re-evaluate that behaviour.
And perhaps our library files as well, sir.
And perhaps that's the reason that we fascinate you so.
And please talk freely.
And please tell me exactly what is going on.
And pray like hell nobody saw you.
And profitable.
And prosper.
And provoking a Nausicaan is not a good idea.
And punish us as well, it would seem.
And put out a hazard advisory to Starfleet.
And quantum mechanics is over staffed anyway.
And query the Vega Nine probe, long range sensors.
And quickly too.
And quite adamant.
And quite frankly, it's beginning to get a little bit uncomfortable.
And reduce speed.
And remained that way for centuries.
And remembering.
And repairing that equipment will certainly not solve your problems.
And respects.
And right now, you're a rather large stroke of good luck.
And rightly so.
And risk a war?
And saving lives is precisely what we're trying to do.
And send a subspace message advising them of our arrival.
And sent the Commander to me when he's finished.
And seven hundred metres below.
And she actually complimented Captain Picard on his legs?
And she could have been yours, Will, but you just didn't do enough to keep her.
And she grew vegetables in hardpan to feed us.
And she made sure we knew how to sing.
And she of you.
And she thinks I love him too.
And she wasn't ninety three years old.
And she'll take orders from me?
And shouldn't you be flying this ship, or whatever it is you do?
And since we do not hear her cries for help, we know that she is gagged.
And since we do not know it's intent, I recommend we go to Red Alert.
And since we have no shields when we're cloaked, they will destroy us.
And since we're on the subject, it's been a month since I seen anything.
And so I do as well.
And so I have.
And so all alone you decided to dispose of the treaty.
And so did he.
And so did she.
And so do I.
And so does everyone on this ship.
And so far the lab work is inconclusive.
And so is the Borg vessel.
And so is the woman.
And so it became that.
And so must I.
And so no one risks death.
And so nothing has changed.
And so the earlier probe was responsible for the Yamato's destruction?
And so there is no evidence that a weapon was used?
And so will I.
And so will Jeremy.
And so will you, in time.
And so would I.
And so you stayed for that?
And so, Captain, have you.
And so, a question I should have asked before.
And so, presumably, is the facsimile of me.
And some complimentary casino chips.
And some kind of object in the cargo bay that's being constructed atom by atom.
And some would say they must be getting help.
And somehow I have been shifting from one reality to another.
And someone else sent the approval?
And something else that's circling your world.
And something else?
And soon.
And speaking as a mother, of course, he seems quite knowledgeable.
And spread my atoms spread across the galaxy.
And still you die from a flake of my power.
And stop cowering.
And strength of character.
And such a child.
And suddenly there I was standing there, staring at him.
And suppose one of you is injured?
And sweet dreams.
And ten more.
And thank you in advance for curbing your curiosity.
And thank you, for everything.
And thanks to the implants, I got to hear some very interesting dreams of yours.
And that Borg also showed concern for a fallen comrade.
And that I in no way will take your actions personally.
And that I love you.
And that angered you, did it?
And that asteroid came from the Pelloris Field.
And that at least is a bona fide lifeform.
And that can't be easy for a mother or a son.
And that could happen here, Data, if we fail.
And that decision plunged them into forty years of civil war.
And that disc contains his research notes and maps.
And that disturbs you?
And that gave you the right to assault us, to rob us.
And that is all.
And that is by far the best news.
And that is now you chair.
And that is precisely why it must be destroyed.
And that is the first and most important aspect of any relationship.
And that is what I believe has happened here.
And that is what I intend to do.
And that is what Starfleet Research finds unacceptable.
And that is what you have tried to take away from him.
And that log.
And that made what I had to do next even harder.
And that makes you sad?
And that might overload the field diverters protecting our key systems.
And that passion has led some to take up arms.
And that someone was Will Riker.
And that stopped his heart?
And that surprises you, Doctor?
And that the sun revolved around it.
And that they will not kill unless their survival is at stake?
And that treaty is the biggest mistake we ever made.
And that was disturbing to you.
And that was my first husband.
And that we're proud of you, and that we love you.
And that won't be easy with Sovak watching me every minute.
And that won't be known until combat begins.
And that you knew Captain Picard when he was on the Stargazer.
And that you were causing it now?
And that'll fix us up?
And that's Data.
And that's a big advantage on this mission.
And that's all you have.
And that's all?
And that's an order.
And that's human.
And that's it?
And that's not all!
And that's not all.
And that's really why you left, right?
And that's the trap?
And that's what Troi asked me to do.
And that's what being a parent is all about.
And that's what er, and that's what caused me to devolve?
And that's what they have.
And that's what's driving you crazy.
And that's where the altar was.
And that's why you wanted me to pick up the phaser.
And that's your final answer?
And that, I have learned, is friendship.
And that, I will not believe.
And the Ambassador?
And the Borg know everything he knows.
And the Captain?
And the Cardassians, for that matter?
And the Dutch and the Portuguese.
And the Empire will fall back into civil war.
And the Enterprise did not have a battle with the Cardassians.
And the Enterprise will waltz right over and pulverise us.
And the Federation will be pleased to offer whatever help it can.
And the Ferengi pod, Commander?
And the German nation red, black and gold.
And the Klingon Empire will not allow it to fall into an enemy's hands.
And the Klingon ship, the Pagh?
And the Professor knew that.
And the Prytt are not being left out.
And the Rokeg blood pie?
And the Romulans are suddenly very interested in bonding with the Vulcans.
And the Romulans found her.
And the Romulans have a two day head start.
And the Romulans would have a legitimate excuse for responding in force.
And the Seronians won't go to Rekag.
And the android was mentioned too.
And the away team?
And the bad news?
And the boy never found out?
And the bubble never expanded beyond Engineering?
And the chances are you won't be coming back from this mission of yours.
And the computer fools you in other ways.
And the computer is notorious for not volunteering information.
And the crew?
And the custom requires that Lutan should die rather than violate that.
And the door shuts by touching this panel.
And the emptiness remains.
And the exploration of space?
And the famous Holmes violin.
And the game should reflect that.
And the gamma ray scanner?
And the good Doctor, bearing gifts.
And the human heart is too small to permit that feeling now.
And the instruments of this vessel which allow all that to be played.
And the intended victim is that man.
And the inverted T means to hold the Z.
And the least modest.
And the liver that was about to explode in my face?
And the markings we discovered are consistent with this hypothesis.
And the men in your life are going to bless you for it.
And the mission?
And the moment you set foot on it, you'll be better off than you are today.
And the more aggressive and dangerous they become.
And the nature of this trade?
And the nodes link them all through the holodeck.
And the old man said, he pursues her no longer.
And the one they've chosen is you.
And the only he'll do that is if she's no longer an adequate receptacle.
And the only ones to fit that category are the other scientists.
And the other one, his assistant?
And the other?
And the others are outside?
And the others?
And the past remain the past.
And the person who can help you is Q.
And the planetary collision?
And the point being?
And the price will be the restoration of our family name.
And the radiation field has increased by seventeen percent.
And the reason Odan refused the transporter?
And the reason for that, sir?
And the rest of the crew?
And the sensations didn't seem to be coming from any person.
And the survivors?
And the temporal distortion that coincided with your arrival?
And the three of you speak for him?
And the unknown can be benign or malevolent.
And the wars began when Krios kidnapped Garuth and took her to our planet.
And the whole time, she'd be humming to herself.
And the wish to stay alive.
And then Doctor Apgar came to find you?
And then I almost married Paul Bogrow.
And then I decided that I'd been right in the first place.
And then I give the order.
And then I just slapped him.
And then I thought about it.
And then I told them about Kahless.
And then I will instruct you in Enterprise etiquette.
And then Lore came along.
And then Mom tried to net the fish, and she fell in the creek, too.
And then a few more, and then a few more.
And then after dinner, then what?
And then another.
And then for no apparent reason she walked out of my quarters.
And then he ran away?
And then it all changed.
And then like mawkish humans, they became attached to it.
And then replicated the correct tool to eliminate the false overload signal.
And then reprogram the biofilters to screen the microbes out.
And then she was gone.
And then some.
And then the accident.
And then the power went out and I got lost
And then the principal looked up and said, please tell me he's an only child.
And then the symptoms return.
And then the voices.
And then there is the matter of your conflict with Lieutenant Rocha.
And then there was Doctor Reyga, the Ferengi scientist.
And then there's Will.
And then they're going to come looking for us, and they will destroy us.
And then to outlive them as well.
And then to steal from us.
And then turn the Enterprise around and take it back to Rana Four.
And then watch what happens.
And then we accomplish this.
And then we got him down to Sickbay so Doctor Crusher could examine him.
And then we learned to build huts and, in time, to build ships like this one.
And then we mated?
And then we will slow down, Krola, to let everyone catch their breath.
And then what happened?
And then what you most feared, happened.
And then when he failed completely, Doctor Soong disappeared.
And then when it's over, it fades away like a dream.
And then you became part of their crew?
And then you came.
And then you howled in rage and said, look upon her.
And then you saw her again, laughing, presumably at Lieutenant Kwan.
And then you tried to pull us both out, and you fell in.
And then you will return my officer?
And then you'll discover that we're telling the truth.
And then you'll have to destroy them.
And then, Krola, we'll see what's there.
And then, Lieutenant?
And then, they would have our gratitude.
And then, to your astonishment, nothing happened.
And then, with the last spoonful, close your eyes.
And then?
And there again.
And there are risks.
And there he sits, and he watches us struggle.
And there is a big difference between Data and a tool.
And there is a bill to be settled at Mrs.
And there is even more.
And there is no trace imprint for Doctor Quaice.
And there is no way to prove that we aren't.
And there isn't any.
And there she is.
And there was a temporal distortion back there, correct Mister Worf?
And there was a voice, a man.
And there we are.
And there were no other vessels in the vicinity.
And there were other casualties.
And there weren't any more next months.
And there will be no difficulty in operating the metaphasic controls.
And there will be no other samples from Indri Eight.
And there will be no records or logs mentioning any aspect of this diversion.
And there's a Malconian male with a phaser wound in his upper chest.
And there's me.
And there's my problem.
And there's no evidence of an EPS explosion.
And there's nothing there I don't understand.
And there's nothing wrong with a little friendly rivalry.
And there's nothing you can do about it.
And there's someone new in my life.
And there's still the question of what happened to Lieutenant Rocha.
And these blood feuds could last for decades?
And these get put into the large containment unit.
And these rocks and vegetation have much simpler patterns.
And these small projections?
And they always ask me if I've had a good day.
And they are also responsible for your parent's death.
And they are looking for you, Jean-Luc.
And they are needed only in one place each day.
And they are very interested in this little container.
And they call that a small demonstration?
And they escaped.
And they found me lying there, sir.
And they gave me mine.
And they have great pride in their ways.
And they laughed at me.
And they loved me.
And they shamelessly clothe their females.
And they signed a treaty of non-aggression.
And they use those?
And they will soon relocate it after a two second warp.
And they won't be carrying me on a cloud of chromal vapour.
And they would claim the leadership of the Council?
And they would have you kill yourself.
And they'll be father and mother to a new breed born of an ancient culture.
And they're exceedingly proud.
And they're still at it.
And they're sure it's alive.
And third in command of the Enterprise.
And this continuity, does it only run one way, backwards, to the past?
And this is England, or to be more precise, Sherwood Forest.
And this is Lieutenant Worf.
And this is Zero One.
And this is a d'k tahg.
And this is a schematic of the connection nodes linking the ship's systems.
And this is based on his equations.
And this is my attempt, with guidance from Geordi.
And this is my favourite.
And this is my life.
And this is the Bridge.
And this is the android I have come to respect in battle.
And this is the best strategy you could come up with?
And this is the cargo carrier Erstwhile.
And this is the only way?
And this is where they shall end.
And this isn't?
And this represents her son.
And this this fight is all we have left.
And this time we're going to pick up those five seconds.
And this time, let's get it right.
And this time, no one's going to stop us.
And this time, watch my feet.
And this, I assume, is your Tactical position.
And this, this is a Gorlan prayer stick.
And those around you did not understand.
And though it deeply pains us to do it, we must.
And though you look human, you're not.
And to Sickbay.
And to broaden those struggles you again found allies for still more murdering.
And to complete our business here, we are locked onto you.
And to contend with that threat, we need information.
And to have anyone see him now would make him feel worse, even if it were you.
And to hear those words used to subvert the United Federation of Planets.
And to love him was to know him.
And to make sure that he didn't forget to tell you later.
And to many humans, a mystery is irresistible.
And to myself.
And to the father that he loves.
And to yours as well, Data.
And together we will destroy the Federation.
And together we'll find out what's happening.
And together, we will destroy the Federation.
And try to access a Federation time base beacon.
And twenty.
And understandable.
And understanding that has brought you a step closer to understanding humanity.
And unusually bright.
And us right along with them.
And us.
And use it as an aiming point and blow our Captain to bits?
And used for many other things too.
And was your analysis just as insightful?
And watch your back, Picard.
And we all have reason to hate the Selay.
And we also know who killed Doctor Apgar.
And we are grateful, Captain.
And we are having similar difficulties reading you.
And we are prepared to take that risk.
And we aren't so different, Will and I.
And we can do it in one burst.
And we can't.
And we couldn't get anywhere near that without overloading the emitter arrays.
And we cry with each other when things seem hopeless.
And we don't have reliable intelligence about any of them.
And we don't know why only transporter room three is affected.
And we fully expect the Enterprise to be targeted soon.
And we gave it to him.
And we have begun power supply calibration.
And we have to keep on working on the retrovirus.
And we have to witness this?
And we kept in touch for a while, but we never managed to get together again.
And we know they'll make good parents.
And we may never know.
And we may not have much time.
And we must be upwind from the Anticans.
And we must succeed.
And we needed a much more efficient emitter to do that.
And we report our observations how?
And we should stick probably stick together while we're there, just in case.
And we still can't even say hello to these people.
And we still don't know why the problem suddenly corrected itself.
And we still don't know why the sensors didn't pick up the problems.
And we were going to meet on Risa, six weeks later.
And we were not looking, and therefore we did not see.
And we will have it again, Number One.
And we will make the antidote available to all who need it.
And we won't know until we begin gathering data.
And we would hate to see that happen as much as you would.
And we'd be able to see for ourselves.
And we'd better get used to being in the here and now.
And we'll experience actual battle conditions?
And we'll take our clothes half off?
And we're going to need help to do it.
And we're going to need unaltered genes or we'll never get her back.
And we're late for the conference on Atalia Seven.
And we're overdue for our computer refit.
And we're prepared to offer her a choice.
And we're still friends.
And we've got a passenger for you.
And we've survived by not resisting.
And well done all.
And well done.
And were the Ullians present?
And were they?
And what I want now is gentleness.
And what Riker might that be?
And what about Graves?
And what about Toq?
And what about feelings, or emotional attitudes?
And what about how you got here?
And what about the Ferengi?
And what about the Romulans entering the Neutral Zone?
And what about the computer's recreational data base?
And what about the deaths?
And what about the men?
And what about when there are no others, when you are alone?
And what about you, Doctor?
And what about you, you old rascal.
And what about yourself?
And what an advantage her telepathy would be in our negotiations.
And what are my orders now, Major?
And what are you blathering about, Riker?
And what are you contemplating?
And what are you here to do?
And what are you staring at?
And what better place to find oneself than on the streets of one's home village.
And what caused them?
And what did peace and spirituality get us?
And what did your finest minds come up with?
And what do I do here in Ressik?
And what do I have to offer Orta that might persuade him to cooperate?
And what do you do with this power?
And what do you sense now?
And what do you want from me?
And what else than nature are the elementals of space and time?
And what else?
And what exactly is Ansata policy with regard to hostages?
And what happened next?
And what happens to the colony if she does?
And what has the scientist been up to today?
And what have you found?
And what he might said with irony, I say with conviction.
And what if it's not just killings.
And what if there is, Mister Tholl?
And what if they were?
And what is a swap?
And what is the second option?
And what is the significance of the anniversary of this event?
And what is this place?
And what is to guarantee that if they go back they will succeed?
And what it means for me to be able to share it with someone.
And what makes you think it's going to go for my phaser and not for yours?
And what of his knowledge of the Legarans?
And what profit is in this, Picard Captain?
And what proof?
And what was all of that about?
And what was this programme designed to do?
And what was this really for?
And what will we tell the people about their new Emperor?
And what would you like to hear?
And what would you tell him to do?
And what you saw was some sort of a mouth on Troi's shoulder?
And what you're doing isn't fair to Kestra.
And what's at stake?
And what?
And whatever happens down there, your prime responsibility is to the ship.
And when I arrive they will question my worthiness.
And when I believed that you were dead, I just began to shut down.
And when I looked down into the street, I actually saw automobiles!
And when I tell you, pull up hard.
And when I told that to Wesley, it made him feel a little better.
And when I woke up I saw the container had been left open.
And when Jack died you felt guilty.
And when did I learn to play it?
And when did this relationship begin?
And when does that awareness begin?
And when it's suspected, it's almost never real.
And when she died all that kept me going was you.
And when the Legarans beam on board?
And when the Maquis attack it, Starfleet will be waiting for them.
And when the candle's lit, then what happens?
And when the engineer tried to protect us, one of the characters shot him.
And when they did, the radiation started killing them.
And when they left, there was little or nothing left of my people.
And when this crew is revived?
And when we came out of the cave there was nothing left.
And when we don't accept their offer?
And when we drop our shields, the Calamarains go after Q again.
And when you die, you will die for land and honour.
And when you find someone attractive, what do you usually do?
And when you grow to like it too much?
And when you let fall your tears fall for him, some few will be for me.
And when you realised, what then?
And when you return, we'll be gaining the best ensign in the fleet.
And when you saw the Romulan ship, did you try calling for help?
And when you're ready, input the symbol.
And when?
And where can I reach you?
And where does she go?
And where have they gone?
And where there's traker there's generally dilithium?
And where they do, it wasn't an interlink that was malfunctioning.
And where were you when this traitor was on board the Enterprise?
And where will you die?
And whether that rank becomes permanent, Mister Crusher, depends on you.
And while I'm in the beam, can you recreate one of those ionic fluctuations?
And while he was hiding he ate the fruit of a cove palm.
And while he's here with us, he will be treated as an honoured guest.
And who are you, sir?
And who cares?
And who is this Ardra?
And who is this Sheliak?
And who is this Sun Tzu you revere?
And who speaks for his family now?
And who was it who spoke for Alpha so long ago?
And who will tuck him in at night?
And who would that be, Galen?
And who, precisely, is us?
And whom did you inform?
And whom else have you observed at these occasions?
And whom you've dreamed of all these years.
And why aren't you all absorbed in your wedding plans?
And why can't we shut down the holodeck?
And why did you ask to see me?
And why do you continue to argue with Riker?
And why not him?
And why not?
And why should I help you?
And why shouldn't they?
And why would anyone want to falsely implicate the Bajora?
And why you added the mid-range phase adjusters?
And will this be a sequel to Connecticut Yankee, Mister Twain?
And will we also discuss, Lore, which of us was constructed first?
And will you help your best friend avenge this injustice?
And will your opinion be the deciding factor?
And with each act of retribution, the violence would escalate.
And with him, the last chance to restore hope to our people.
And with long range sensors, we've been scanning a radius of ten light years.
And with that order dawns a brave new day for the Enterprise.
And without it, can you see?
And won't we be judged by how we treat that race?
And won?
And worst part is, it's growing.
And would you give yourself for him?
And yes, I am still Odan, and I still love you.
And yet I cannot forget Q's prediction that we will face some critical test.
And yet I could find nothing wrong.
And yet all sensors are operating properly.
And yet he chose this way of life.
And yet he's vulnerable.
And yet it appears they spent almost all their time together.
And yet look what we have just done.
And yet somehow, they have remained a part of me.
And yet there is a record of the distortion in the sensor log.
And yet they fired at the scout ship.
And yet you claim that it is possible, that you're the daughter of Tasha Yar.
And yet you covet those qualities of humanity.
And yet you put yourself at risk.
And yet you survived.
And yet you turned your back on him.
And yet you're telling me I'm supposed to get used to it.
And yet you've never mentioned it.
And yet, I've only known him for a couple of weeks.
And yet, we are scorned and attacked.
And yet.
And you agree with that too, Riker?
And you apply colour to your bodies.
And you are Commander?
And you are a member of this crew?
And you are a very interesting woman.
And you are telling me there are no explanations for these malfunctions?
And you are the keeper of this jail?
And you are the only one who can save his life.
And you as well, Counsellor.
And you believe he's using the same tactic now.
And you believed him?
And you came here in order to end your own life?
And you can go on with your life with a real heart.
And you can inform the crew that Admiral Quinn is most impressed.
And you can see it in the precise, ritualistic way they do things.
And you can't expect me to forget a lifetime spent there.
And you can't keep killing all my lovers.
And you certainly are not the greatest warrior of all.
And you claim you care about your comrades.
And you conclude because of this that I am impartial.
And you could explore space on a holodeck instead of a starship.
And you could resign yours and come to a starbase with me.
And you deserve to know that I must use whatever means I can to escape.
And you did it all without any help.
And you didn't report this to anyone?
And you didn't tell it very well.
And you didn't tell me.
And you don't intend to back off that position?
And you don't know anything about it?
And you don't know how to align a control coil?
And you don't know of anything that might have caused her to behave like that?
And you don't need to tell me time is running out.
And you don't remember anything?
And you don't resent it?
And you even brought provisions.
And you expect us to believe what you report?
And you feel different now?
And you fell in love?
And you had a perfectly wonderful, marvellous little fantasy.
And you handled that very well.
And you have a lot to learn, Commander.
And you have a pulse.
And you have about equal physical strength and mental abilities?
And you have an appointment tomorrow morning early.
And you have been shadowing us ever since.
And you have no experience with their form of telepathy.
And you have nothing further to add, Commander?
And you have survived all this time as?
And you have this ability to travel.
And you have to admit that these could kill.
And you have what this Romulan needs.
And you like it.
And you like that?
And you may be the first.
And you may begin to believe in those limitations yourself.
And you may not tell anyone!
And you may not.
And you may rejoin your friend.
And you might be surprised at just how good you can be.
And you might not be as strong as you used to be.
And you must be Alexander.
And you must do the same.
And you must provide him with a sand box.
And you must solve it.
And you must talk to him.
And you need someone to help you.
And you owe it to yourself to hear what I have to say.
And you recognised him?
And you said you didn't know her.
And you say I've been ill?
And you say you never met her before she came to hire you.
And you say you've never done this before?
And you sense I'm nervous.
And you should be executed if you do so!
And you should honestly consider why you're so competitive with your own son.
And you shouldn't worry about making it look perfect.
And you sound just like I did, about four years ago.
And you speak the lies of a taar'chek.
And you stay out of mine.
And you stay out of the Arboretum.
And you think that it will never go away.
And you took a blow to the head.
And you touched me.
And you used me to lure the Enterprise into the Neutral Zone.
And you want to be as stupid as them, dear brother?
And you wanted revenge.
And you were a very special friend to a little girl.
And you were still in the lead position?
And you were worried about how tough the Captain is?
And you will always feel safe because you will know how to defend yourself.
And you will feel love as you've never felt it before.
And you with them.
And you wore it well.
And you would not be wrong to do so.
And you'll be pleased to know I took your advice.
And you'll note I no longer call you Holmes.
And you'll remember.
And you're a Betazoid.
And you're a terrific guy.
And you're a very attractive man.
And you're always busy with something or other.
And you're continuing his work?
And you're doing this to your own child, Mister Woof?
And you're going to get a four.
And you're going to take that?
And you're just out of bed.
And you're not comfortable with that?
And you're not, you're full Klingon except you don't laugh.
And you're physically exhausted.
And you're right, it won't.
And you're saying all this may be a result of our arrival here?
And you're saying there's nothing you can do about it?
And you're still looking.
And you're telling me that isn't how it is anymore?
And you're the cause.
And you're?
And you've been to this place?
And you've felt pain all the years that you've used this?
And you've put on a fine show.
And you, Captain.
And you, Commander Riker, will obey my orders.
And you, Jean-Luc, I wasn't aware you had such handsome legs.
And you, Madam, are invited to be a witness.
And you, Mister Data, bear a striking resemblance to Friar Tuck.
And you, a Starfleet cadet, sworn to obey a superior officer's authority.
And you, brother, are beginning to think as a human.
And you, sir, are a man of charm and guile.
And young Jeremy Aster.
And your Klingon side?
And your android.
And your decision may also be wrong.
And your father?
And your hair always looks so nice.
And your medical community can do nothing?
And your names will be forever linked with mine.
And your parents let you live?
And your search led you to me?
And your uniform.
And yours as well, Commander.
And yours too.
And, Admiral, I'm afraid my choice is this.
And, Captain, this must be a special thrill for you.
And, Captain, you're getting a fine officer.
And, Commander, continue your work.
And, Commander, it is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose.
And, Doctor, neither are we.
And, Ensign.
And, Geordi, I want your eyes down there.
And, I'll take it to heart.
And, Mister Data, I suggest that you escort Commander Riker to the brig.
And, Mister Worf?
And, advise him that if necessary I will defend my ship.
And, as you are no doubt aware, our knowledge of your planet is quite limited.
And, computer, I would like a real chocolate sundae.
And, for the future, who knows?
And, like it or not, I'm your father.
And, please, stay off the comm.
And, with your permission, I'm prepared to prove it to you.
And, you know, the Enterprise will go along just fine without you.
Android?
Androids are a lot more rational.
Androids are better than humans?
Androids do not need to eat or drink.
Androids don't feel such things.
Angel One has evolved into a constitutional oligarchy.
Angel One has no platinum.
Angel One's strategic importance in this quadrant may become vital.
Anger is a negative emotion.
Anger, hatred, revenge.
Angry because she died and left you alone with a son you never knew you had.
Angry.
Animal things?
Animals are worshipped in many cultures.
Animated presentation, humanoid.
Anna!
Anna, Anna, listen to me.
Anna, are there other people on this planet?
Anna, no matter how long it takes, we will get out of here.
Anna, no!
Anna, stop!
Anna, we are going to get out of here.
Anna, we will get out of here.
Anna, where are you going?
Anna, why was this door locked from the outside?
Anne, your husband.
Annie with the golden hair.
Annie, I did it for us.
Annie, what good was I to you?
Annie, you big galoot.
Announce yourself to the Custodian.
Annular convergence four three nine point two oh five.
Another Coco-no-no?
Another E-band blip?
Another Romulan?
Another Starfleet vessel must be sent to intercept the Enterprise at Bynaus.
Another accident, perhaps.
Another birth defect?
Another brilliant suggestion, Captain.
Another child?
Another distortion wave approaching.
Another duet?
Another eleven kilometres.
Another entity.
Another five seconds should do it.
Another glob fly.
Another good question.
Another headache?
Another hit and we will be defenceless.
Another host will be here in forty hours.
Another is elderly.
Another is set for today.
Another lie.
Another lifeform.
Another lovely specimen of womanhood.
Another malfunction?
Another man would have been humiliated to say those words.
Another man would have rather died than ask for help.
Another mask.
Another message coming in.
Another millimetre.
Another minute and we would have had them.
Another minute, and we'd have been fossils ourselves.
Another of life's curiosities.
Another one is about to be released.
Another please.
Another power fluctuation?
Another rumour?
Another servant of the Picard?
Another set of hands.
Another ship from Atlec?
Another subspace reflection.
Another three hours twenty two minutes, sir.
Another time, Commander.
Another time.
Another traitor from a family of traitors.
Another tribe had him assassinated.
Another two seconds.
Another vessel is coming within sensor range.
Another weapon has been launched, sir.
Another white dwarf star.
Another woman who won't get personal with me in the holodeck.
Another world.
Another.
Answer - inconclusive.
Answer affirmative.
Answer for them?
Answer it, will you?
Answer me!
Answer the question.
Answer their questions.
Answer us.
Answer!
Answer, Tin Man.
Answering all stop, Captain.
Answers to your questions.
Answers.
Ante up, gentlemen.
Ante, please.
Anthwara, I deeply regret that we have not been able to reach an agreement.
Anthwara, he's laughing at you.
Anthwara, there's very little I can do.
Anthwara.
Anti-matter containment pods reading nominal.
Anti-time?
Anticipation is fun.
Antidote.
Antimatter containment fields are failing.
Antimatter containment fields are fluctuating.
Antimatter containment positive.
Antimatter flow is increasing.
Antimatter injection breach.
Antimatter injector online.
Antimatter injector still locked.
Any activity at the meeting site?
Any answer would be mere speculation.
Any attempt at communication whatsoever and we would be discovered instantly.
Any attempt to cut through the rock could cause the entire chasm to collapse.
Any attempt to do so would mean my death.
Any change, Doctor Martin?
Any changes?
Any commissioned rank?
Any communication from the away team?
Any communication, Lieutenant Worf?
Any communication, Number One?
Any conclusions?
Any correlation with the readings from Earth?
Any damage there?
Any delay is unacceptable.
Any device like that would produce significant levels of triolic waves.
Any dreams?
Any edge'll help, Captain.
Any evidence of a mining expedition?
Any further delay and you risk summary judgement against you, Captain.
Any further delay would put us all at grave risk.
Any guess how long we'll have?
Any hallucinations, nightmares?
Any hat.
Any hostile move on our part could jeopardise Geordi.
Any idea what caused it?
Any idea what he's up to?
Any idea what it is or where it comes from?
Any idea what the message was, Data?
Any indication of the probe's energy source, Data?
Any indication of the source?
Any indication of what destroyed it, Data?
Any indication to how long we can keep them like this?
Any indications of life, Mister Worf?
Any indications of weapons or vessels beneath the surface?
Any information about the structure.
Any insights?
Any last minute instructions, sir?
Any last orders?
Any life form readings on the surface, Data?
Any light they have must be artificially generated.
Any luck contacting Data?
Any luck with the tricorder, Ensign?
Any luck with your diagnostic?
Any match we make is going to be inconclusive at best.
Any mention of a situation like this?
Any more disruptions and I will rule you in contempt of court.
Any more impudence and it'll be your head on the block.
Any move she makes, match it.
Any nausea or blurred vision?
Any of them inhabited?
Any of us in his place would be.
Any of us may be the enemy.
Any of you?
Any one of these planets might well serve as a base.
Any or all, Captain.
Any other pilot might not bother, but Data?
Any other ships in that sector?
Any other ships respond to our queries, Data?
Any pain?
Any particular reason for this change of heart?
Any particular reason?
Any passages leading to the surface?
Any place that doesn't stock a good cigar doesn't rank high in my book.
Any possible agent that might cause that electropathic pattern.
Any prior malfunctions on this transporter unit?
Any problem with using your Ready room, Captain?
Any problems reported in that area?
Any professional reasons?
Any progress with the analysis, Lieutenant?
Any progress, Mister La Forge?
Any progress?
Any questions, Mister Riker?
Any reaction, Bridge?
Any readings of matter there?
Any recommendations?
Any records of similar phenomena in Starfleet listings?
Any reply?
Any request?
Any requests tonight?
Any response from Aldea, Lieutenant?
Any response from Gravesworld, Mister Worf?
Any response to our hails, Mister Worf?
Any serious rider would have his own saddle.
Any sign of Devor?
Any sign of any kind of messages?
Any sign of life?
Any sign of survivors?
Any sign of the Cardassians?
Any sign of the Essex?
Any sign of the Romulans?
Any sign of the crew?
Any sign of the science team?
Any signs of human life?
Any signs of life, Mister La Forge?
Any signs of mental stress or trauma?
Any signs of other Klingon vessels?
Any starships ever reported missing in this sector, Mister Data?
Any strange things going on down there?
Any subject?
Any subspace projections, z-particle emissions, interferometric frequencies?
Any sudden change in its behaviour, initiate Yellow Alert.
Any sufficiently advanced life form would appear to others to be that, sir.
Any suggestions?
Any temperature at all on the cold side of whatever your system is.
Any time entry is meaningless.
Any time, Doctor.
Any time.
Any trace of the other vessel?
Any transmissions are simply scattered and refracted at random.
Any unit that doesn't, put it aside and we'll do a diagnostic on it later.
Any unusual emotion?
Any way I can?
Any way to extrapolate am origin?
Any wonder he doesn't like to talk about her?
Any word from La Forge?
Any word from Starfleet Command, Data?
Any word from the Jaradans?
Any.
Anya thought you would corrupt me.
Anya, No!
Anya.
Anybody in here?
Anybody with any sense is afraid of Mickey D.
Anybody would.
Anybody.
Anybody?
Anybody?!
Anyon emissions are harmless.
Anyone can be trained in the mechanics of piloting a starship.
Anyone in particular?
Anyone receiving this transmission, please respond.
Anyone want to see setting number two?
Anyone who commits any crime in the punishment zone dies?
Anyone who is an experienced rider naturally has his own saddle.
Anyone would have been apprehensive in that situation.
Anyone you can spare.
Anyone.
Anything I can do for you?
Anything I can do, sir, you know that.
Anything I can do-
Anything I can do.
Anything I wished as long as it was mortal.
Anything at all.
Anything changed?
Anything else, sir?
Anything familiar?
Anything from Gowron?
Anything from the surface?
Anything here?
Anything in your file on Penthor-Mul?
Anything more I can do for you?
Anything more would be immediately registered on the Bridge.
Anything new on that that thing out there?
Anything on long range sensors?
Anything on that design, Data?
Anything out of the ordinary.
Anything that would help us to understand this situation?
Anything that would keep them out of here.
Anything to avoid a quarrel on this occasion.
Anything to get to the top of the tree.
Anything to report?
Anything unusual, Doctor?
Anything unusual?
Anything we can do?
Anything we say to him will be taken in that context.
Anything we want.
Anything would help.
Anything yet, Data?
Anything you can tell me will be helpful.
Anything you could ever imagine.
Anything you like.
Anything you need.
Anything you say.
Anything you want.
Anything you'd like to talk about, Geordi?
Anything, Father.
Anything, Mister La Forge?
Anything, my friend.
Anything, sir.
Anytime you wish.
Anyway it's too late.
Anyway, I could be your great, great, great, great, grandmother.
Anyway, I'm having second thoughts about what we're doing here.
Anyway, stringing this rigging has made me dream of handling sails.
Anyway, who knows how much time he'll have to follow any dream.
Anyway, why shouldn't I get married if I choose to?
Anywhere except for life support.
Anywhere you say, Commander.
Anywhere.
Apgar said that each of the three versions.
Apgar to join us.
Apgar's idea for you to spend the night aboard the space station.
Apgar, so we shall dispense with introductions.
Apgar, this was from your deposition.
Apgar, you understand the purpose of this hearing?
Apology accepted.
Apology is not necessary.
Apparently I no longer have any staff.
Apparently a member of one of the factions didn't like the idea of peace.
Apparently he knows how to handle people as well.
Apparently he would pass the station every few days and harass them.
Apparently he's confined in some sort of force field.
Apparently he's willing to do whatever he has to to get attention.
Apparently his occupation had something to do with music.
Apparently many of the documents were lost when the government was overthrown.
Apparently my help was not so good after all.
Apparently no one.
Apparently our Captain wasn't meant to be with us here.
Apparently she did, sir.
Apparently she's been an admirer of yours for some time.
Apparently so, Number One.
Apparently so, sir.
Apparently some of them were apparently blown out the emergency hatches.
Apparently some time last night.
Apparently the Tamarians apparently at El-Adrel Four nearly three weeks ago.
Apparently the children are carriers.
Apparently the probe has discovered.
Apparently the remains are those of an Ensign Marla Finn.
Apparently the storm is still gaining speed.
Apparently the tactile sensors are too low.
Apparently there was a micro-fracture in the conduit wall.
Apparently there were no starships available on Starbase One Five Three.
Apparently they're generated by particle emissions from the Bersallin sun.
Apparently we do not.
Apparently we don't make such a bad team after all.
Apparently we were all unconscious for about thirty seconds.
Apparently when they were first unearthed two hundred years ago, they were.
Apparently you had every reason to chastise me.
Apparently you saved an entire village from radiation poisoning.
Apparently your ship is in need of more than minor repair.
Apparently, Deanna being on board is only part of the reason.
Apparently, he did not survive.
Apparently, he is capable of deceiving the sensors.
Apparently, his squadron was practicing on the Academy flight range near Saturn.
Apparently, not when to duck.
Apparently, that is not correct.
Apparently, that part of the plan didn't work very well.
Apparently, the Yridians knew more about the Professor's work than we do.
Apparently, the normal stimulant had the opposite effect.
Apparently, the refortification wasn't adequate.
Apparently, their ship is apparently quite fragile.
Apparently, they didn't like it very much.
Apparently, whatever had locked onto you must have been self terminating.
Apparently, you two are up for the same job.
Apparently.
Apply pressure to that wound.
Apply some to your hand.
Apply the T-cell stimulator.
Approaching Central Command.
Approaching Earth, sir.
Approaching Nelvana system.
Approaching Vagra Two, Captain.
Approaching at warp nine point three.
Approaching close parking orbit, sir.
Approaching critical levels.
Approaching one million kilometres from the neutron star, sir.
Approaching planetary cluster.
Approaching safety limits of engine containment field.
Approaching sector sixty three, sir.
Approaching the Enterprise.
Approaching the coordinates of the Tripoli, sir.
Approaching the coordinates.
Approaching the planet, sir.
Approaching the source, Captain.
Approaching warp nine sir.
Appropriate, somehow, isn't it?
Approved?
Approximately eighteen people, sir.
Approximately five metres in length, sir.
Approximately four hundred million kilometres in diameter, sir.
Approximately nine seconds later, my proximity alarm went off.
Approximately ninety million kilometres from the star's photosphere.
Approximately one hour forty five minutes, sir.
Approximately seventeen kilometres from the centre of the colony, sir.
Approximately sixteen hours, sir.
Approximately thirteen hours.
Approximately thirty seconds.
Approximately twelve seconds, sir.
Approximately two hundred kilograms.
Approximately two hundred thousand years, sir.
Approximately two thousand small objects.
April the ninth, fifteen hundred hours, three o'clock.
Aquiel was the junior officer here.
Aquiel, running away isn't going to prove your innocence.
Aquiel, this really complicates things.
Aquiel?
Arabian.
Arachnids.
Arbor means tree.
Archaeology has been a hobby since Academy days.
Archaeology, semantics, literature, art.
Archeology, for instance.
Ardan?
Ardra controls her magic literally by the blink of an eye.
Ardra had left Ventax Two before the environmental reforms began.
Ardra is coming back.
Ardra is right.
Ardra once told us that she is known by many names.
Ardra somehow transported me here.
Ardra will be here soon.
Ardra's arrival was supposed to be heralded by the shaking of the cities.
Ardra's magic.
Ardra, before he responds, may I have a word in private with Captain Picard?
Ardra, most powerful one, I am Jared, Leader of Ventax Two.
Ardra, will you would do the honours and stop the tremors?
Are all captains' lives so solitary?
Are all members of the crew accounted for?
Are all the others dead?
Are any of these systems near Romulan space?
Are easy births the norm for Betazoids?
Are eleven thousand people worth fifty billion?
Are going to decide what happens to me, to Sito, to Jean?
Are her requests unusual?
Are his sentiments typical of the colonists?
Are increasing.
Are its weapons systems active?
Are my parents alright?
Are my people on board your ship?
Are our channels secure on your end?
Are still on the station.
Are the Bynars?
Are the Cardassians ready for a war?
Are the Legarans really going to sit in this stuff?
Are the Ornarans recovering?
Are the engines operating normally?
Are the injections damaging to the host's body, Riker's body?
Are the modifications to the torpedoes complete?
Are the ship's sensors calibrated to detect all those agents?
Are the specimens ready for transfer?
Are the two of you close?
Are there any M-class planets we could check out?
Are there any members of my crew who require medical assistance?
Are there any messages missing?
Are there any miners or indigenous life forms on the planet?
Are there any other ships in the vicinity?
Are there any other sources of fresh water near the village?
Are there any others like you here?
Are there any others?
Are there any personal reasons you don't want the assignment?
Are there any records of missing ships in this vicinity?
Are there any warning signs or symptoms that you haven't told me about?
Are there no other challengers?
Are there no other options, sir?
Are there other options that you want to analyse?
Are there other planets in this star system?
Are there others like you there?
Are there others like you?
Are there survivors from the freighter Odin on your planet?
Are there voices?
Are these creatures feeding on us?
Are these the spare parts for our freighters?
Are these the words of the council?
Are these truly your friends, brother?
Are they a lifeform?
Are they already?
Are they alright, Captain?
Are they attacking anything other than nitrium alloy?
Are they collaborators?
Are they different?
Are they forcing you into this?
Are they going to die?
Are they here, Worf?
Are they intentionally jamming our sensors?
Are they not here on Starbase?
Are they property?
Are they pursuing us?
Are they receiving us?
Are they recovering?
Are they responding to our hails, Mister Worf?
Are they still alive?
Are they still catatonic?
Are they still functioning?
Are they still here, alive in Will Riker?
Are they truly incomprehensible?
Are they willing to go or not?
Are they willing to leave?
Are those Bularian canapes?
Are those people crazy?
Are we alone out here, Worf?
Are we alone, sir?
Are we at war with the Ferengi yet?
Are we back up?
Are we breaking orbit?
Are we children to you now?
Are we disturbing you?
Are we far enough away to keep from being pulled in?
Are we far from Earth?
Are we going to get there okay?
Are we good?
Are we guilty, perhaps?
Are we losing our professional detachment, Doctor?
Are we millions of light years away from where we were?
Are we no longer a couple?
Are we on your screen?
Are we on?
Are we ready for that?
Are we ready for the entertainment?
Are we ready, Commander La Forge?
Are we ready, Number One?
Are we still best friends?
Are we still docked at the starbase?
Are we still married?
Are we still on schedule, then?
Are we still picking up the Entity's pattern?
Are we talking about hallucinations?
Are we to take these strangers at their word?
Are we within sensor range of the nebula?
Are we within sensor range?
Are ye daft?
Are you Jason Vigo?
Are you K'mtar.
Are you Maquis?
Are you Masaka?
Are you Ronin?
Are you a Romulan?
Are you a seismologist?
Are you a specialist in criminal behaviour?
Are you able to cease thinking on command?
Are you able to have friends?
Are you able to pinpoint the source of their particle beam?
Are you absolutely certain you don't need a new phase invertor?
Are you absolutely certain, Captain?
Are you accusing him of stealing?
Are you accusing me of collaborating with our abductors?
Are you accusing me of falsifying my data?
Are you accusing me of something?
Are you addressing me?
Are you adjusting to your new environment, Commander?
Are you afraid I'm going to go around stealing things?
Are you afraid if I keep looking that I'll find you're guilty?
Are you afraid of the Captain too?
Are you afraid of what it might say?
Are you afraid to die while escaping?
Are you afraid to face me?
Are you afraid?
Are you all right, Counsellor?
Are you all right, Geordi?
Are you all right, Lieutenant?
Are you all right, Number One?
Are you alone?
Are you alright, sir?
Are you always accustomed to getting your way, Doctor?
Are you and Voval working together?
Are you angry me?
Are you angry with me?
Are you armed?
Are you asking me for something, Jean-Luc?
Are you asking me, sir?
Are you attempting to grow another beard?
Are you available now, Mister Riker?
Are you aware of our plans to attack the Cardassian invasion fleet?
Are you aware of the details of the Battle of Maxia?
Are you aware of the infectious nature of the parasites which inhabit cove palm?
Are you aware these people you are so graciously helping are murderers?
Are you being coerced?
Are you better?
Are you blind to what they represent?
Are you both all right?
Are you bothered by his being here?
Are you by any chance considering an unannounced visit?
Are you certain about us using these heating devices, Data?
Are you certain of that?
Are you certain you are not saying this because you are my mother?
Are you certain you do not wish to talk about your mother?
Are you certain you want a full disclosure of human ugliness?
Are you certain, Captain?
Are you certain, Mister Worf?
Are you certain, sir?
Are you choosing to stay with me?
Are you comfortable, sir?
Are you comfortable?
Are you coming, Mrs.
Are you coming?
Are you conscious?
Are you contemplating yet another question for me?
Are you currently experiencing this phenomenon?
Are you doctors?
Are you doing the best thing for Jason or what's easiest for you?
Are you done?
Are you drunk yet, or can you talk with Doctor Pulaski about the children?
Are you ever lonely?
Are you expecting someone?
Are you experiencing any discomfort?
Are you familiar with micropaleontology?
Are you familiar with the Pueblo Revolt of sixteen eighty?
Are you familiar with the intricacies of what is called here music?
Are you feeling better?
Are you frightened?
Are you going to answer that, Commander?
Are you going to answer the Enterprise?
Are you going to bother to show up?
Are you going to carry out your duties, or aren't you?
Are you going to get in trouble because of me?
Are you going to hit me, Johnny?
Are you going to return me to my Captain?
Are you going to tell me that little boy's a threat?
Are you going to tell them?
Are you going?
Are you having a good laugh now, Q?
Are you here to find a wedding gift?
Are you here to relieve me of duty?
Are you here to see Mister Holmes, or perhaps Professor Moriarty?
Are you here to work or to play, Mister Crusher?
Are you here?
Are you hungry?
Are you implying that I'm not worth it?
Are you implying this has some special meaning?
Are you in a hurry?
Are you in charge here?
Are you in good health?
Are you in or not?
Are you involved with her?
Are you left or right handed?
Are you listening to me?
Are you listening, Ensign?
Are you locked on to that transmission?
Are you looking for someone?
Are you lost?
Are you mad at me?
Are you making any progress toward solving our problems?
Are you making demands, Captain?
Are you making note of it?
Are you moonlighting at the Fremont?
Are you my enemy?
Are you my father?
Are you not going to allow Tam to fulfill his mission?
Are you now calling us thieves?!
Are you nuts?
Are you offering to help us?
Are you okay?
Are you on the Bridge?
Are you one of my children?
Are you one of the crew?
Are you one of their assassins?
Are you picking anything up, Data?
Are you picking up any readings from Melona?
Are you planning on going into the holodeck?
Are you playing or not?
Are you prepared for him to die, Chancellor?
Are you prepared for punishment?
Are you prepared for that many, Doctor?
Are you prepared for the kind of death you've earned, little man?
Are you prepared to answer for this if you fail?
Are you prepared to die today, Tomalak?
Are you prepared to give us your solemn word on that?
Are you prepared to hear her evidence in open council?
Are you prepared to help us detect them through their cloaking shields?
Are you prepared to sacrifice the lives of the others?
Are you prepared to support reunification?
Are you prepared to use them?
Are you prepared?
Are you putting mankind on trial again?
Are you questioning my ability to command?
Are you questioning my judgment, Commander?
Are you quite sure?
Are you reading any of this?
Are you reading anything, Doctor?
Are you ready to beam up to the Enterprise, sir?
Are you ready to cooperate?
Are you ready to die?
Are you ready to follow this machine?
Are you ready to go?
Are you ready to sit up?
Are you ready, Commander Data?
Are you ready, Mister Crusher?
Are you ready, Number One.
Are you ready, sir?
Are you really an alien?
Are you really getting used to it?
Are you really going to hide behind the rules of some bureaucracy?
Are you really willing to take that step?
Are you receiving us, Enterprise?
Are you referring to the Elway Theorem?
Are you referring to the foreknowledge of my death?
Are you responsible for my shifting through time?
Are you responsible for the destruction of the Yamato?
Are you responsible for the incident in Engineering?
Are you responsible for this?
Are you running any test programs up there?
Are you sad?
Are you saying I'm some blind ghost with clothes?
Are you saying it is and yet it isn't there?
Are you saying it is not?
Are you saying it's a woman's game because women are weak and need more help?
Are you saying it's attack on Yar was not arbitrary but part of some tactic?
Are you saying it's not naturally occurring?
Are you saying it's over?
Are you saying she's been bitten?
Are you saying someone was communicating telepathically?
Are you saying that I knowingly defied it?
Are you saying that Worf's quantum signature is different from ours?
Are you saying that by not cooperating, you are actually protecting us?
Are you saying that everyone's memory on this ship has been altered but yours?
Are you saying that his misconduct is a result of feeling abandoned?
Are you saying that if Vorin wants to come back in here, they'll let him?
Are you saying that it worked?
Are you saying that the professor's findings were wrong?
Are you saying that they're still alive?
Are you saying that we were kept alive intentionally?
Are you saying that you caused them to become individuals?
Are you saying that you created a core breach just to test this girl?
Are you saying that you killed the Raman's crew?
Are you saying that you will simply dictate how I am to live my life?
Are you saying that you're willing to go to war over this boy?
Are you saying that's not the truth?
Are you saying that's what I'm going to have to do?
Are you saying that's why I feel so so hot?
Are you saying the question cannot be answered?
Are you saying the ship is under the control of the holodeck?
Are you saying there are nanites loose?
Are you saying there was some conscious mind at work here?
Are you saying they beamed the Ambassador off our own pad?
Are you saying this may not be what it seems?
Are you saying we attacked your outpost?
Are you saying we should give them the DNA samples they require?
Are you saying you believe it to be hostile?
Are you saying you don't remember the last three years?
Are you saying you never use your counsellor during interrogations?
Are you saying you think the game's addictive?
Are you saying you think there are people living in there?
Are you saying you trust Tomalak?
Are you saying you want to back out of this mission?
Are you saying you were against my creation?
Are you saying you're going to handle that?
Are you saying you're sorry we saved the Boraalans?
Are you searching all frequencies?
Are you seeing anything?
Are you seeing everything that you want?
Are you serious?
Are you smarter than this one?
Are you somehow being controlled by that force?
Are you still angry with her?
Are you still convinced he's me?
Are you still planning to talk to the Administrator tomorrow?
Are you still tired, Commander?
Are you still tracking the wave?
Are you still unable to recall anything about your past?
Are you strong enough to refuse to use that power.
Are you succeeding, Commander?
Are you suggesting he was conscious?
Are you suggesting otherwise?
Are you suggesting that I behaved improperly, Commander?
Are you suggesting that a bubble could have made Doctor Quaice disappear?
Are you suggesting that an important event is imminent?
Are you suggesting that it employs memory RNA like an organic cell?
Are you suggesting that it's beyond my comprehension?
Are you suggesting that someone was controlling the aiming and firing sequence?
Are you suggesting that the Enterprise is trying to create a lifeform?
Are you suggesting that there is some value in losing?
Are you suggesting that we're in some kind of laboratory?
Are you suggesting they be transferred to the Enterprise?
Are you suggesting they have superior intelligence?
Are you suggesting they're not who they say they are?
Are you suggesting this is somehow contagious?
Are you suggesting we deny her an escape from this environment?
Are you suggesting we use your own body?
Are you suggesting?
Are you sure about dessert?
Are you sure he can do it, sir?
Are you sure he'll accept such a dangerous assignment?
Are you sure it wasn't one of my thoughts?
Are you sure my daughter didn't send you?
Are you sure that was the very first change?
Are you sure there was no malfunction in the sensors?
Are you sure this is what you want?
Are you sure you don't know what it was?
Are you sure you don't want some of this, this papalla juice?
Are you sure you haven't seen him?
Are you sure you know what he wants?
Are you sure you want to do this by yourself?
Are you sure you want to put yourself through this, Lieutenant?
Are you sure you won't reconsider?
Are you sure you wouldn't want to stay here with me for a while?
Are you sure, Galen?
Are you surprised to see me?
Are you taking all these books?
Are you talking to me from Sickbay?
Are you telling me that I'm a prisoner on this ship?
Are you telling me that there's no crime here whatsoever?
Are you telling me there's no water?
Are you telling me to go yell at Salia?
Are you telling me to leave, Captain?
Are you telling the truth?
Are you that good?
Are you there, Captain?
Are you there?
Are you tired?
Are you trying to fill another inside straight, Worf?
Are you undamaged?
Are you under attack?
Are you up for a promotion?
Are you up to that?
Are you upset?
Are you very old?
Are you wearing cologne?
Are you well?
Are you willing to do that?
Are you willing to jeopardise their lives as well?
Are you willing to make such an admission?
Are you willing to serve?
Are you willing to take that chance?
Are you with me?
Are you worried about this mission with the Kes?
Are you worried that I won't be able to say no to it?
Are you're going to lift that?
Are you, Mister Jakara?
Are you, are you children all right?
Are you?
Are your empathic abilities coming back?
Are your neural pathways duotronic?
Are your quarters satisfactory?
Are your quarters so comfortable?
Are your signals reaching them?
Are your weapons also freely available?
Are yours?
Area affected?
Aren't I an honourable Klingon?
Aren't caves formed by water?
Aren't designed to envelop such a large volume.
Aren't we all.
Aren't we both trying to make this plan work?
Aren't you being a little presumptuous?
Aren't you going to answer that, Mister Data?
Aren't you going to greet me?
Aren't you going to introduce me?
Aren't you going to lead him to his sight again, robot?
Aren't you going to mingle, Mister Woof?
Aren't you going to tell me you have to assimilate me?
Aren't you going to thank me?
Aren't you happy to have escaped the war?
Aren't you hungry, L'Kor?
Aren't you interested in that?
Aren't you one, too?
Aren't you pioneers adventurers at heart?
Aren't you supposed to be getting a hair cut, Wesley?
Aren't you taking a chance by letting me see all of this?
Aren't you the least bit surprised by him?
Argh.
Argus reactor nine twenty eight seconds to critical.
Ariana was right.
Arkaria Base does not have the medical storage units I have requested.
Arkaria Base out.
Arkaria Base, this is Captain Picard on board the Enterprise.
Arkaria Base, this is Captain Picard.
Arm aft photon torpedoes.
Arm all photon torpedoes.
Arm all weapons.
Arm phasers and photon torpedoes and stand by.
Arm phasers and prepare to lock on target.
Arm phasers.
Arm photon torpedoes and stand by, Mister Worf.
Arm the photon torpedoes, Mister Worf.
Arm the photons, Mister Worf.
Arm the torpedoes, man!
Arm torpedoes.
Arm your weapons.
Armament?
Armaments, Lieutenant Yar?
Armed with ancient ball and powder muskets?
Armed with lasers only.
Armed?
Arming our enemies is not enough.
Arming these people is a violation of everything that the Federation stands for.
Arms merchant!
Arms raised in victory?
Armstrong, you and the others prepare to beam up.
Armus grabs him again.
Armus is capable of creating undefined forcefields.
Armus, we're finished dealing with you.
Armus, you have me.
Around two a.m.
Arrange a meeting between myself and Captain Picard.
Arrange to feed it.
Arrangements will be made to provide you with all available information.
Arranging that will be my First Officer, Commander Riker.
Arrival at Risa is scheduled for oh nine thirty two hours.
Arrogant, undisciplined, with far too much ego and too little wisdom.
Arrogant?
Arrow.
Art, history, philosophy.
Arthritic inflammation.
Arthur.
Artificial gravity well?
Artificial life form.
Artificial lifeform.
Artificial?
Artists, they tend to ramble, neglect the moment.
Artonian lasers.
Arveda Three?
As C glides back into the rift.
As Captain Picard does.
As Captain of the Enterprise, I'm placing you under arrest.
As First Officer, I have complete security clearance.
As First Officer, I should be informed.
As Head of Security, it is my duty to be concerned.
As I began slicing the cake, she reacted as though I was causing her pain.
As I have informed Ro Laren, it was not the Bajora.
As I have misjudged many things.
As I have no human instinct per se, I cannot advise you, Counsellor.
As I have recently reminded others, sir, I have no feeling.
As I hope it will benefit mine.
As I looked out across the highlands, I felt as if I had come home.
As I make this recording, you are about ten weeks old.
As I promised, here are your assignments.
As I recall, Wesley, you took it very well.
As I recall, among the more exotic were Romulan, Klingon, Giamon, Stroyerian.
As I recall, it's not easy to cultivate.
As I recall, you came in and you looked around for a few moments.
As I recall, you missed that question on the final exam.
As I remember we were on our way for some much needed shore leave.
As I said he would, my brother Worf has saved us all.
As I said to the captain, it's just a feeling.
As I said, I figured you wouldn't take no for answer.
As I said, all dead.
As I said, ancient history.
As I said, he wouldn't have a prayer.
As I said, that is one of them, is it not?
As I said.
As I take note of this dead man, I deduce that he was strangled.
As I've tried to tell you, you saved your own lives a long time ago.
As Lieutenant Worf discovered.
As Mister Kosinski's assistant.
As Mistress Beata is so fond of saying, good question.
As O'Brien didn't remember Doctor Quaice.
As Ship's Counsellor, I offer my assistance.
As Sigmund Freud said, dreams are the royal road to the knowledge of the mind.
As Troi pointed out to me, I'm attracted to him but that is entirely different.
As a Federation Ambassador.
As a Q, you can have your heart's desire, instantly, whatever that may be.
As a Starfleet Security Officer, she may have represented his riskiest prize.
As a Starfleet officer, I am required to follow all of your orders, Captain.
As a fact of fact, I'd like you to continue to keep me on my toes.
As a free spirit.
As a matter of fact I'd like to take you home with me.
As a matter of fact, I am, Data.
As a matter of fact, I find it oddly amusing.
As a matter of fact, it does.
As a matter of fact, it was Baran who sent me here.
As a matter of fact, my great grandfather once got bit by a rattlesnake.
As a matter of fact, sir, I do.
As a matter of fact, the Pegasus is the reason I'm here.
As a matter of fact, they are.
As a member of the crew.
As a physician, it's often my job to give people unpleasant news.
As a precaution, we are now going to Yellow Alert.
As a result they've done almost no research on neurological trauma.
As a result, Data's real personality has been completely buried.
As a result, their instincts probably included a heightened sense of awareness.
As a servant.
As a sign of respect, perhaps.
As a woman.
As adversaries the Ferengi are not very worthy.
As an empath, I could sense your authority.
As an empath, you're the only person on board who could perform it with me.
As an explorer.
As androids go, you're in a class by yourself.
As anticipated, there are some problems.
As apparently you do, Mister Clemens.
As are mine.
As are we, Mister La Forge.
As are you, human.
As cool under fire as a mountain lake.
As do I, Ambassador.
As do I, Captain.
As do I, sir.
As existing both here and in another place also.
As expected.
As far as I am concerned, this experiment is over!
As far as I can determine, sir, very little.
As far as I can see, everything is fine.
As far as I can tell, he's real.
As far as I can tell, the unit hasn't been tampered with.
As far as I can tell, your primary systems check out fine.
As far as I can tell.
As far as I know, I am the only one.
As far as I know, I'm perfectly healthy.
As far as I'm concerned, you should have been expelled for what you did.
As far as Moriarty and the Countess know, they're half way to Meles Two by now.
As far as anybody knows it's still there.
As far as the sensors are concerned, nothing unusual happened last night.
As far as we can determine, the injectors are just physically jammed.
As far as we know, it might just be a recipe for biscuits.
As far as you can take it.
As for Picard.
As for Sovak, he got exactly what he deserved.
As for me, I chose this.
As for my crew, it may be healthy to shake up the status quo occasionally.
As for the identity of the young woman, I can't really tell.
As for the whereabouts of Tin Man and Tam Elbrun, we can only speculate.
As have yours.
As he bypasses each subsystem, I can re-route it without his knowledge.
As his ship was destroyed, he'll be using one of our shuttles.
As humans, my parents do not understand.
As if a great claw had reached down and scooped one of you from your home world.
As if it were neither in or out of our dimension.
As if it's something Q is doing to trick us?
As if my face was a mask.
As if someone doesn't want us to be in touch with our ship.
As if something was testing our responses to stimuli.
As if that made everything all right.
As if they were his, but intermixed other thoughts which are also his.
As if they're betraying the love of the parent.
As if we fear Cardassian threats.
As if you don't already know.
As if your human side wasn't quite good enough for you.
As in Admiral Rossa?
As in Tam Elbrun of the Ghorusda disaster?
As in a human brainwave pattern?
As in a human female's menopause?
As in close your mouth and stop talking.
As in difficult?
As in erotic?
As it consumed your son.
As it should be.
As it was intended.
As it was to our father.
As it was, the only stumbling block was your ship.
As long as I have this, I'm still Captain of this ship.
As long as he needs it to.
As long as it's before oh nine hundred tomorrow.
As long as she thinks she is alive, she is alive.
As long as there's a chance of success, he's prepared to pursue it.
As long as there's a handful of you to keep the spirit alive, you will prevail.
As long as they're looking for us, they won't hurt anyone else.
As long as we are without our homeland, no one will be safe in this sector.
As long as we keep them both above the troposphere, that'll be all right.
As long as you write what you know.
As long as you're alive he'll be alive.
As many as are needed.
As mediator, only you can designate those challengers.
As much as I care about you, my first duty is to the ship.
As much as five bars of gold-pressed latinum.
As much as you can.
As my son tried to tell you!
As my son, he would also bear my disgrace, as would his children.
As normal as ever, sir.
As of now, we don't have sufficient evidence one way or the other.
As of this moment, Mister Worf, you are on leave.
As on your vessel, you have only to name whatever courtesy we can provide.
As opposed to what?
As ordered.
As payment in full for your debt to me, you will guarantee her safety.
As people aged, their health failed, they became invalids.
As per report, sir.
As proof, I want you to kill Picard.
As ready as I'll ever be, Number One.
As requested, Captain, library computer information on this planet.
As ridiculous as it was, his game did prove that you still care.
As second in command, it's still in your corner.
As selective as what was done to our own memories.
As senior officer, I want you to be my liaison to the Enterprise-D.
As simple as that.
As simple?
As soon as Data determined the microbrain's method of operation.
As soon as I can make some adjustments.
As soon as I find out, maybe I can give you an answer.
As soon as I saw you, I knew you had to be the Enterprise's First Officer.
As soon as I start the escape sequence, an alarm will sound.
As soon as my people have made certain she's safe.
As soon as our medical files become available.
As soon as possible.
As soon as the Ambassador transports over from the Decius.
As soon as the ship is operational, we must make it combat ready.
As soon as they cross the border, we'll intercept them.
As soon as this thing with Bok is over, I'm leaving.
As soon as we have our payment in full, we'll complete the delivery.
As soon as you complete the repairs, I want you back here.
As soon as you feel up to it, you can probably still join them.
As soon as you get settled, come down to Engineering and we'll get you started.
As soon as you have completed the oral exam, you'll be formally admitted.
As tall as you can.
As the First Officer on this ship, I have to set an example.
As the Starfleet observer I am ordering you to withdraw!
As the hour of Ardra's return approaches, fear has overwhelmed my people.
As the power grew, I applied the energy asymptomatically.
As the rolling hillside.
As this now stands, I don't think this will have any impact on our strategy.
As though there was something else inside you.
As time passes, a boy inevitably becomes a man.
As to that, there's no option.
As two candles join to form a single light, so we will flourish as one.
As usual, with his vines.
As usual, you are thinking only of yourself.
As we anticipated, the blast burned out our main navigational deflector.
As we are all identical, distinctions among ourselves are meaningless.
As we increased our power levels, was there any counter-reaction?
As we said, it is far from here.
As we speak, the situation is worsening.
As weapons officer.
As well as can be expected.
As well as expected, under the circumstances.
As well as our hydrogen collectors.
As well as the crew records, and the personal logs.
As well as the food slots in Sickbay.
As will humanity survive.
As with the other terms used by the Tamarian, this appears to be a proper noun.
As you always do.
As you are ours to destroy.
As you can see, sir, there's nothing there.
As you can see, the Typhon Expanse is huge.
As you can see, the cellular damage is quite extensive.
As you can see, they're able to mechanically replicate themselves.
As you can see, we are not without compassion.
As you can see, we are physically quite different from Malcorians.
As you can see, we're having difficulty with the plasma conduits.
As you examine your life, do you find you have missed your humanity?
As you humans say, I'm all ears.
As you just did.
As you know, Ferengi technology is estimated to be generally equal to our own.
As you know, there is very little available on the Romulans.
As you know, we've had disturbing news from both sides of the zone.
As you must have heard, genetic bonding is a Betazoid tradition.
As you say, Captain.
As you see, we're still doing some fine tuning.
As you well know, it is the Betazed way of giving thanks for the food we eat.
As you were, Lieutenant.
As you wish, Admiral.
As you wish, Commander Riker.
As you wish, Counsellor.
As you wish, Mister Tholl.
As you wish, Picard.
As you wish, sir.
As you'll see in a moment, we couldn't.
As your Captain, I want to know exactly what is going on.
As your friend and as your commanding officer.
As your friend, it is my responsibility to be supportive in times of need.
As your read out shows, this is an unusual place.
Aside from the main door, is there another exit I might use?
Ask Tam Elbrun.
Ask any patient.
Ask away.
Ask for a refund?
Ask for her?
Ask him to meet me in the sitting room at Baker Street.
Ask him where he's from, father.
Ask him your questions.
Ask him.
Ask if they would consent to an examination, just to be certain.
Ask me after it's done, sir.
Ask the Custodian instead.
Ask the Romulans.
Ask them to dispatch a crew.
Ask them.
Ask your mother.
Assemble a minimal away team.
Assemble a team, and take a look at the records on the Drema quadrant.
Assemble an away team, Number One.
Assemble your away party, Commander.
Assess damage and injury.
Assign Commander La Forge to lead another away team to the dig site.
Assign one of them.
Assistant Chief Engineer Shimoda, report to Medical.
Assume a high orbit.
Assuming any of the survivors made it this far.
Assuming it works, will I find myself near my own ship?
Assuming the malfunction is similar, suitable replacements can be fabricated.
Assuming this place even exists.
Assuming we're not too late already.
Assuming you can, can you regulate the reaction?
Assure him that we are doing everything possible.
Astonishing to see it frozen like this.
Astounding, Holmes.
Astrophysics reports that the star's rate of collapse has increased.
Asylum from what?
Asylum?
At Galorndon Core.
At Jason's request, the Enterprise has returned to Camor Five.
At Lashmir?
At Mister O'Brien's leisure, we're ready to return.
At Pacifica, Mister La Forge?
At Starbase Seventy Three?
At Starfleet Academy.
At Starfleet Command on Lya Three.
At Troi's request I examined him.
At Uruk.
At a fundamental level, sir, she is no longer human.
At a price.
At a reception afterwards.
At all costs.
At any cost.
At current acceleration, structural failure will occur in forty five seconds.
At current acceleration, structural failure will occur in thirty seconds.
At current speed, twenty seven hours.
At ease with myself.
At ease, Cadet.
At ease, Lieutenant.
At first I had a sense of confusion, disorientation.
At first I thought it was harmless infatuation.
At first I thought it was that horrible lecture of yours, but I was mistaken.
At first glance I see nothing wrong with her.
At first we thought it was just a natural phenomenon unique to Velara Three.
At first you dismissed it.
At first, I had hoped that I'd be rescued.
At first, when you told us to hold our positions, I didn't question it.
At first.
At heart, we are very much alike.
At home I have all the specs and diagrams of the Galaxy-class starships.
At home we play a lot of it.
At home.
At least Doctor Kingsley's vision of it.
At least I do not wear the uniform of the P'tak!
At least I have an idea of what I'm doing here.
At least I think so.
At least I'm not spending the night with a good book like some people.
At least a couple of hours.
At least all has not been lost.
At least allow me to post guards in some of the sensitive areas of the ship.
At least another six hours, sir.
At least at the start.
At least consult with Starfleet Command.
At least for a little while.
At least give him time to regain some strength.
At least he did finally give it up.
At least it gave Commander Riker the opportunity to consider his promotion.
At least let me, sir.
At least listen to them, Jean-Luc.
At least not right away.
At least one of my security is dead.
At least seven days, sir.
At least seven weeks.
At least several hours.
At least she's chewing them up in pairs.
At least show them to someone who will recognise what they mean.
At least some of them, anyway.
At least some of them.
At least someone who's got more experience at giving advice.
At least study what we were without law.
At least ten more minutes.
At least that would tell us how many digits we're talking about.
At least that's what the poor fellow said.
At least thirty seconds, sir.
At least this man has genuine experience in diplomacy.
At least this way, he'll be alive in the other time frame.
At least twenty starships.
At least two days, sir.
At least until I figure out where the swimming pool is?
At least until now.
At least we are acquainted with the judge, Captain.
At least we can pull them out of orbit before they enter the atmosphere.
At least we know he's still on our side.
At least we won't begin with weakness.
At least when it comes to women.
At least you had that much sense.
At least you impressed him, Number One.
At least you kept your wits about you out there.
At least you're functioning.
At least, I hope it is.
At least, I think I do.
At least, I think that's where it was.
At least, I used to have.
At least, I used to.
At least, I've never known anyone who did.
At least, it's not completely solid.
At least, not right away.
At least, not until Captain Picard says it is.
At least, not very often.
At least, not yet.
At least, nothing we can recognise.
At least, out of our existence.
At least, sir, all the department heads have reported the damage repaired.
At least, that is the basic reason.
At least, that's what I sense when I look at you.
At least, they do now.
At least, we're not supposed to be.
At love.
At minimum intensity it wouldn't kill anybody, but it would shake them up a bit.
At no cost?
At once, sir.
At one point they were at Deep Space Nine, trying to sell bilitrium explosives.
At our current speed, approximately thirty seven hours.
At our current speed, four minutes thirty seconds, sir.
At our current speed, we will clear the nebula in twelve minutes four seconds.
At our first meeting you seized my vessel.
At our present speed of warp four, sixteen hours, forty four minutes.
At our present speed, three hours, twenty minutes, sir.
At our present speed, we will arrive at the Atalia system in thirty seven hours.
At present course and speed, ten hours fifty three minutes.
At present speed they will arrive in thirty one hours seven minutes.
At present, I cannot.
At sixteen hundred hours.
At some level or another, they're all connected.
At ten.
At that moment, I had an overwhelming urge to cut a piece out of the cake.
At that moment, I was remembering being at the helm of the Stargazer.
At that point, the doubts of the others seemed justified.
At that range, the shields won't be able to take much punishment, Captain.
At that time, we will be able to get all the information we need.
At the Khitomer Conference, I'd imagine.
At the first sign of trouble I want to be able to bring her back.
At the moment, I would find it difficult to choose.
At the moment, it's you who are setting the tone.
At the moment, we are adrift.
At the negotiating table, it can be fatal to have a heart.
At the present time, my deductions should be treated with scepticism.
At the rate the rupture is expanding, we will soon be in danger of hull breach.
At the same time, the Duras have been secretly conspiring with the Romulans.
At the same time, the lack of oxygen should put out the plasma fire.
At the time I thought you were a mean-spirited, vicious old man.
At the time, I didn't think so.
At the time, I felt he needed a home, a family.
At the time, the decision will seem to be correct, but it won't be.
At the very least, the people from Darwin Station deserve a warning.
At these settings, the scan will be complete in thirty nine hours.
At this distance they can respond with running lights if necessary.
At this moment it has the power to destroy this ship and everybody on it.
At this point in history the anomaly fills your entire quadrant of the galaxy.
At this point, I just wish it were over.
At this point, I'll try anything.
At this point, it becomes ordinary stone, sir.
At this point, sir, we very much need Mister Data's help.
At this point, we need an impartial evaluation.
At this range, I should be sensing something.
At this rate of acceleration, fifteen minutes forty seconds, sir.
At times like this, we become an encumbrance.
At times, I have felt that you are like a mother to him.
At times, I too find it difficult to share my thoughts with others.
At twelve point four after launch, the warp field generator will be activated.
At warp eight?
At warp nine, fifteen minutes, thirty seconds.
At warp nine, five hours twenty minutes, sir.
At warp nine.
At warp nine?
At warp one, in three days, four hours.
At warp seven, thirty four minutes.
At warp six, fifty three hours, sir.
At warp six, we should be there in just over sixteen hours.
At warp two?
At what coordinates?
At what point should I shut it down if there's a problem?
At what you say us the end of the universe?
At whatever the cost.
At which point, I'll be your prisoner.
At your age?
At your birthday party, remember?
At your command, Captain.
At your convenience, Mister Data.
At your convenience.
At your earliest convenience, Number One.
At your service, Captain.
At your service.
Atmosphere conditioning pumps on deck one are operating in negative mode.
Atmosphere?
Atmospheric activity interfering with RF signal.
Atmospheric contaminants have dropped to less than one part per trillion.
Atmospheric decompression in Bridge Observation Lounge.
Atmospheric dissipation is a rare and essentially unpredictable event.
Atmospheric entry seventy eight seconds.
Atmospheric systems are down twenty seven percent.
Attaboy!
Attack me.
Attack posture, circumvental attitude.
Attacked an unarmed science station.
Attacked it ?
Attacking from the rear.
Attacking those who had captured, capture its mate.
Attacking?
Attempt a limited positron scan.
Attempt the routeing bypass here.
Attempt to assess the damage.
Attempt to make contact, Mister Worf.
Attempted and failed.
Attempting life form identification.
Attempting new power subcommand path.
Attempting to let our captors know that we possess intelligence.
Attempting to lock on, sir.
Attempting to now, Commander.
Attempting to re-route subcommand paths, Captain.
Attempting.
Attempts at communication have been ignored by all three vessels.
Attempts to develop an inoculants have so far ended in failure.
Attend to your station.
Attention Ferengi starship!
Attention all decks, all divisions.
Attention all hands.
Attention on deck, Ensign Picard.
Attention on deck.
Attention personnel on decks fourteen and fifteen.
Attention to orders.
Attention, Ferengi starship.
Attention, crew of the USS Hathaway.
Attitude control has been restored.
Attitude controls failing.
Attracted?
Au contraire!
Au contraire, he's the person you wanted to be.
Au contraire, mon capitaine!
Au fond, c'est vrai, nous sommes tous Parisiens.
Au revoir et bonne chance, mon ami.
Au revoir, Natasha.
Au revoir.
Audet Nine, this is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise.
Audible readout.
Audience programme off.
Audio channel open.
Audio communication only.
Audio is disconnected.
Audio's disconnected.
Aupres de ma blonde, il fait bon, fait bon, fait bon.
Aurelia?
Author, Leah Brahms.
Authorisation Moriarty, alpha two four one five nine.
Authorisation acknowledged.
Authorisation denied.
Authorisation, Picard gamma six zero seven three.
Authorisation, Riker Omega three.
Authorisation, Riker alpha six zero.
Authorisation, Troi omega omega three one.
Authorisation, Worf theta six one nine.
Authorization La Forge theta two nine nine seven.
Auto-engage time sequence synchronised.
Auto-sep sequence initiated.
Autodestruct'.
Automated fire system.
Automatic defense procedures initiated.
Automaton.
Automobiles?
Autonomic responses are still low.
Autonomous systems all check out.
Autonomy?
Autopsy files are restricted to active medical personnel only.
Auxiliary control is not online.
Auxiliary fusion generators are down.
Auxiliary generators are out again.
Auxiliary generators losing power, Captain.
Auxiliary power down to twenty percent.
Auxiliary power failing.
Auxiliary power is, is not available.
Auxiliary power only.
Auxiliary power.
Avail yourself of it.
Awaiting authorisation.
Awarded first prize tap and jazz competition, Saint Louis Academy.
Away Team is aboard, Captain.
Away Team, get yourselves home.
Away from you.
Away team assembled and ready to transport, Commander.
Away team ready.
Away team reporting in, sir.
Away team, now.
Away team, prepare to return to the ship.
Awful place, by the way.
Axionic chip network.
Aye aye, Doctor.
Aye negative response, sir.
Aye sir, warp eight.
Aye, Doctor.
Aye, I have.
Aye, Lieutenant.
Aye, We stand with you.
Aye, air.
Aye, an actual Dyson Sphere.
Aye, aye, sir, we're on our way.
Aye, aye, sir.
Aye, she was a grand lady.
Aye, sir, but they are already within firing range.
Aye, sir, into the standard parking orbit.
Aye, sir, it is.
Aye, sir, one half impulse.
Aye, sir, standard orbit.
Aye, sir, warp five.
Aye, sir, warp seven.
Aye, sir, we got him.
Aye, that's right.
Aye-aye, sir.
Aye.
B'Etor can have him back when they've finished with him.
B'Etor.
B'Etor?
B'Tardat?
B'iJik, sir.
BP dropping.
Ba'el?
Ba'jak tu'mo!
Ba-boom boom.
BaH!
Babble, sir?
Baby needs a new pair of shoes.
Baby?
Bach, Monet, Wonder.
Bach, the third Brandenburg.
Back in a minute.
Back off, back off.
Back off, or I'll turn your little man into a torch.
Back on the Enterprise.
Back online, sir?
Back so soon, Mister Data?
Back to forty eight percent, Captain.
Back to full stop, Ensign.
Back to here?
Back to my own country.
Back to square one.
Back up.
Back us away from the distortion, Ensign.
Back us off.
Back where it belongs?
Back where we started.
Back, sir?
Back?
Backed by Romulans?
Backhand volley.
Backup crew, report to the main Bridge.
Backup generators.
Backup systems and safeguards are designed to prevent just such an occurrence.
Backup systems are overloaded.
Backup systems failing.
Bacterial colony.
Bad enough having to wear anything at my own wedding, but this?
Bad influence.
Bad move.
Bad news?
Bad thoughts, they hurt her.
Badge signal to deck seventeen, section twenty one alpha.
Badge) Are you familiar with one of these?
Badge) Crusher to Riker.
Badge) Enterprise?
Badges must be locked into the simulation.
Badges) I now realise that my life aboard the Enterprise was a waste.
Bag in dome did know.
Bags of mostly water?
Bags of water kill us.
Bags who drill in sands of home have to die.
Bah!
Bah.
Baleek.
Baleekam!
Baleekam.
Ball park?
Balleek, balleek.
Bandi do not enjoy leaving their home world.
Bantering with the Captain has given me quite an appetite.
Baran can kill you in an instant if he activates his control device.
Baran has me analysing each one if them for a particular particle signature.
Baran is the key.
Baran knows that.
Baran might grow suspicious.
Baran wants to see the analysis of the last lot.
Baran was nothing.
Baran's power is based on fear and intimidation.
Barbarian!
Barbarians all!
Barbarians.
Barclay here.
Barclay out.
Barclay to Commander Data.
Barclay to Enterprise.
Barclay's Protomorphosis.
Barclay, I'm going to need a systems engineer on this Away Team.
Barclay, I'm sure it's nothing.
Barclay, check the containment field.
Barclay, well, he's always late.
Barclay, what are you doing?
Barclay, what's going on?
Barclay.
Bargaining chip?
Barnum, sir.
Baron Christien de Neuvillette.
Barron is stable, but Warren is still critical.
Barron to Enterprise.
Bartel, it's okay.
Bartender!
Baryon levels are continuing to rise, sir.
Baryon sweep begins in eight minutes.
Baseball, sir.
Based on Guinan's intuition?
Based on all information presently available, the decision is correct.
Based on the level of toxicity I'm reading, it may be only a matter of hours.
Based on what we know so far, there's nothing I can do.
Basic early design.
Basic emotions.
Basically, I would be leading them into a trap.
Basically, two factions are trying to seize power.
Bat'leth.
Batai, leave us alone for a moment.
Batai, you're being a bit of an alarmist.
Batar al nalia.
Batris goes Boom.
Bats?
Battle alert, Mister Crusher.
Battle bridge is manned and ready.
Battle has begun.
Battle stations!
Battle stations, Mister Worf.
Be a good fellow and answer that.
Be a member of Starfleet.
Be a writer?
Be absolutely certain there's never been anything like him.
Be advised that our ship is limited to half impulse.
Be as casual as you can.
Be at ease.
Be careful now, okay?
Be careful of Lore.
Be careful, Doctor.
Be certain you understand the risk you are taking.
Be discreet.
Be on the lookout for a Cardassian patrol ship, Mister Worf.
Be patient, she says.
Be patient.
Be prepared to beam back before the Captain returns.
Be prepared to sweep back.
Be prepared to take command.
Be punctual.
Be ready to increase power in case we need it.
Be ready to stop the power transfer, Mister Data.
Be ready.
Be right there.
Be seated.
Be silent!
Be silent, Duras.
Be specific.
Be sure and teach him the difference between impulse and warp drive, please.
Be sure that the crew is prepared for any unusual orders.
Be sure to practice your spelling and arithmetic tonight.
Be sure your concern are addressed before we install it.
Be sure, Neil.
Be that as it may, as species, we have no common ground.
Be warned.
Be well, Batai.
Be with him.
Be you barbarians?
Beam back immediately.
Beam control assembly, safety interlock, both checked out.
Beam down Jameson, and the hostages will be freed.
Beam her to their Bridge, now!
Beam him aboard.
Beam him back as what?
Beam him back.
Beam it back into it's bay.
Beam it to a hold.
Beam me home, Riker.
Beam me up.
Beam over there with your what do you call it?
Beam over.
Beam the children up.
Beam them out of there, Mister O'Brien.
Beam them straight to Sickbay.
Beam them up directly to Sickbay.
Beam them up quickly!
Beam up four at my co-ordinates.
Beam up the away team immediately.
Beam us directly to the Enterprise Bridge.
Beam us down to that hilltop and inform the factions to join us.
Beam us up.
Beam width intensity controls also responding correctly.
Beam your First Officer on board immediately.
Beaming Jason off the ship.
Beaming them home now.
Beams away with him.
Bear that in mind while you conduct your survey.
Bear that in mind.
Bearing and speed?
Bearing down is the next stage.
Bearing one eight seven mark four.
Bearing one oh two mark four.
Bearing three fifty four mark two eight seven.
Bearing three five zero.
Bearing two eight five mark one four seven.
Bearing two five seven mark one six one.
Bearing two one seven mark two zero three.
Bearing two one zero mark one five one.
Bearing two seven one mark four, sir.
Bearing two seven zero mark one four.
Bearing two seven, make that two eight five, mark two five five!
Bearing zero five mark two three one.
Bearing zero zero one mark point oh three.
Bearing, three-four one mark two zero.
Beat.
Beata!
Beats my straight.
Beautiful creatures, the Chandrans.
Beautiful!
Beautiful, beautiful.
Beautiful, isn't it?
Beautiful?
Because Bok appeared in my quarters last night.
Because Cap.
Because I am a machine, I lack that particular ability.
Because I am a machine.
Because I am not sure he is still a Borg.
Because I can assure you that will not go down well at Starfleet Academy.
Because I can't see.
Because I can't.
Because I didn't show you my car?
Because I didn't want to hear it, I chose not to listen.
Because I do not terminate my life, they terminate my work.
Because I don't have to tell you your lovely lady friend's life depends upon it.
Because I don't know who or what you are.
Because I don't want anything to jeopardise our friendship.
Because I felt guilty about something I'd done.
Because I find it makes people uncomfortable.
Because I get the sense you're feeling pretty noble about the whole thing.
Because I grew up on a world that allowed things like this court.
Because I have a feeling that I used to be the jealous type.
Because I have reason to believe she is not who she claims to be.
Because I intend to convince Captain Picard I'm the right choice for the job.
Because I just can't seem to keep my mind on my work right now.
Because I know exactly where Commander Riker was when it happened.
Because I know how I'd feel if I was asked to replace Data at his station.
Because I refuse to believe that the afterlife is run by you.
Because I remember a time when I wasn't very popular either.
Because I risked my own reputation and honour coming to Picard.
Because I think he can help.
Because I think what happened to us, the answers are over there.
Because I want to help, if I can.
Because I want to know exactly what you did.
Because I want you to understand what my music means to me.
Because I wanted to give you peace at last.
Because I was designed to be so human, my brother, I enjoy pleasing humans.
Because I was the elder brother, the responsible one.
Because I would.
Because I wouldn't have anything to say.
Because I'll be firing on the lowest setting.
Because I'm delighted you did.
Because I'm not a nice man.
Because I'm not the most technically-minded person on the ship?
Because I'm only a man?
Because I've been given unusual powers, I am not suddenly a monster.
Because I've decided to conduct an experiment of my own.
Because I've seen the part of you that regrets what you've become.
Because Lore tells you so?
Because Mommy said it was time to eat.
Because a little thing affects them.
Because as I said, I knew you would not believe us.
Because as close as we are, I don't really matter to you.
Because for me, none of this will have happened yet.
Because he was ordered to.
Because he's holding them apart in, in generosity.
Because he's not afraid of them.
Because he's respected.
Because if we're going to Rex's bar, you're gonna need it.
Because it always works, Worf.
Because it is not relevant.
Because it offends against our sensibilities?
Because it started at the same time we encountered the anomaly.
Because it would mean my death as well if you fail?
Because it's an emotion?
Because it's here and we better find it.
Because it's not particularly important.
Because it's really none of your business.
Because it's the right thing to do.
Because it's true.
Because it's young doesn't mean that it's innocent.
Because kidnapping is an immoral assault.
Because like you, we also have no choice.
Because my career in Starfleet would be over, that's why.
Because no one has gone this fast.
Because nobody's ever done it before.
Because nothing short of that is going to stop me from trying to save my mother.
Because of Data's wonderful after-dinner conversation.
Because of a man you once knew named Penthar-Mul.
Because of her relationship with me?
Because of her?
Because of my father?
Because of my mother.
Because of that fact.
Because of the dense gravity of the pulsar.
Because of the nightmares?
Because of the part or the way I fly my ship?
Because of the seriousness of your claim, I'm willing to listen to your case.
Because of these maddening system failures.
Because of what I said?
Because our species has no such concepts.
Because she has a feedback processor designed to send out a false bio-signal.
Because she'll see.
Because ship captains control their own vessels, young man!
Because some part of you wants me to.
Because someday Alexander may be called upon to lead the house of Mogh.
Because someone made that choice, and my father died.
Because spies and saboteurs don't like the bright light of an open inquiry.
Because that would be the end of your fantasy.
Because that's the truth.
Because that's what I am.
Because that's what you've done, betrayed them.
Because the end result was unknown.
Because the others did not?
Because their presence would affect us, just as it affected me.
Because there are lives at stake, Mrs.
Because there is something else you can learn.
Because there's nothing to be afraid of.
Because they needed a liaison to communicate with humans.
Because they scare me.
Because they're not through coming after us.
Because this is not a rematch.
Because this planet belongs to the Sheliak.
Because those are your orders.
Because we do things together and we trade secrets.
Because we don't want to live the way you do.
Because we have no children, Commander.
Because we knew we might die.
Because we were responsible for his injuries.
Because wherever you go, trouble follows.
Because you are conscious of your existence and actions.
Because you are different.
Because you are innocent bystanders.
Because you are intelligent, wise and quite correct.
Because you are my child.
Because you are strangers, we are delaying enforcement of the law.
Because you don't exist.
Because you failed in your task?
Because you feed her sickness.
Because you feel unworthy.
Because you just can't rely on the plain and simple facts.
Because you led the mission.
Because you ran away from me.
Because you run the transporters, and I hate the transporters.
Because you were dishonoured?
Because you will lose their confidence?
Because you're different than we are.
Because you're mistaken.
Because you're one of those people who's got their poles reversed.
Because you're the Captain, and they look up to you.
Because you're the best candidate for the job.
Because you're the property of the Sovereign?
Because your gut tells you so?
Because your neural net was still forming.
Because, because you've lost the capacity for self-judgment.
Become moldy.
Bedlam!
Bedside manner.
Bedside manner?
Been a long time.
Been awhile since I flew one of these.
Been thinking about the old days on the Enterprise.
Before I do that, I'd like your permission to stay.
Before I had you, I didn't have one.
Before I knew it, I'd eaten up every one of my worlds.
Before I remembered these things, I was strong.
Before I start, is there anything you need?
Before Uhnari died or after?
Before a hopeless battle, if I remember the tradition correctly.
Before all this happened, I had hoped we might become friends.
Before him, there was no Klingon word for peacemaker.
Before me, he was nothing.
Before the age of inclusion.
Before the collision, was Nova Squadron in a diamond slot formation?
Before the end of the day.
Before various missions split us apart, we were virtually inseparable.
Before we begin, Captain, you must speak with the children.
Before we begin, we want to see the children.
Before we can go forward, the cycle must end.
Before we knew what was happening, he stepped up onto the walkway.
Before we leave, I ask you one more time to come to the ship.
Before we realised it, this was the result.
Before what?
Before you begin, there are some questions.
Before you died in Sickbay.
Before you go back to your ship, there's something I want you to see.
Before you leave, there is one last matter to attend to.
Before you set off an explosion that would destroy the Enterprise and you.
Before you start quoting me the Prime Directive, he'd already seen us.
Before you wake them up, I want to have Security here.
Before.
Beg like a human.
Beg me to spare you.
Begging.
Begin a sensor sweep for the soliton wave.
Begin as soon as you're ready.
Begin at warp one point five.
Begin by letting go of your guilt, Wesley.
Begin cardio-aid and ventilation.
Begin cardiostimulation.
Begin countdown.
Begin day watch.
Begin dermal regeneration.
Begin docking procedure.
Begin draining the trilithium at one hundred milligrams per minute.
Begin emergency evacuation.
Begin entering your warp field equations.
Begin evacuation of secondary hull.
Begin evacuations.
Begin firing sequence.
Begin full cardiac induction.
Begin launch sequence.
Begin long range scans of the Romulan border.
Begin long-range scanning of all sectors within three light years of Braslota.
Begin message.
Begin monitoring Romulan activity along the Neutral Zone, Mister Data.
Begin music.
Begin night watch.
Begin playback.
Begin power transfer.
Begin programme.
Begin running a search for a decryption key.
Begin rybo-synetic therapy.
Begin scan.
Begin scanning for another hatch or portal that might still be open.
Begin shuttlecraft launch sequence.
Begin simulation again.
Begin the briefing.
Begin the graviton pulse.
Begin the pass.
Begin the procedure, Mister La Forge.
Begin the torpedo modifications.
Begin to reconfigure the sensors to detect ionised particle traces.
Begin transfer.
Begin transporting all able-bodied adults to the surface.
Begin with the Fornax disaster.
Begin your calculations, Mister Data.
Beginning another scan.
Beginning braking manoeuvre.
Beginning check list.
Beginning direct synaptic stimulation.
Beginning sensor sweeps.
Beginning several thousand years ago, the two worlds took different paths.
Beginning test programme now.
Beginning with the tunnels you have under Farpoint, Groppler.
Behave normally!
Behave yourselves, gentlemen.
Behind her, and all the bodies are sitting upright in their shrouds.
Behind him and to the left, sir.
Being a child, I mean.
Being called back into Starfleet was not my idea.
Being here with you.
Being isolated, one tends to forget the social graces.
Being posted on the Enterprise, I guess you don't get to see him very often?
Being punished for something, are we?
Being stationed here for six months, watching the body count grow.
Being stunned once was enough.
Belay my previous order, Mister Data.
Belay that order!
Belay that order, Captain.
Belay that order, Doctor.
Belay that order, Number One.
Belay those orders, Mister Worf.
Belay those orders, everyone.
Believe it or not, Captain, that might've given us the fix we needed.
Believe it or not, I always considered myself moderate.
Believe it or not, Worf is developing a sense of humour.
Believe it or not, that's a good sign.
Believe me, Beverly, there was only one decision.
Believe me, I know how you feel.
Believe me, I understand.
Believe me, I'd be doing you a big favour if I turned her into a Klabnian eel.
Believe me, I'm fully cognisant of where I am, and when.
Believe me, Jean Luc, I regret that, but it has been necessary.
Believe me, Ten Forward isn't an illusion.
Believe me, in the future the tables will be turned.
Believe me, it is.
Believe me, it would give me great pleasure, but there is nothing I can do.
Believe me, they're nothing if not persistent.
Believe me, those eighteen won't be the last.
Believe me, you're missing nothing.
Believe what you will.
Believe what you wish.
Believing your own lies.
Ben Maxwell has just sent more than six hundred of them to their deaths.
Ben Maxwell.
Ben Maxwell?
Ben, you're dangerously close to a planet.
Bendii Syndrome is more a folk tale than a disease.
Bendii Syndrome.
Beneath the surface?
Benjamin Maxwell earned the loyalty of those who served with him.
Bensen has just locked the master servomotor drive system.
Bensen?
Bersallin fire storms happen on seven year cycle.
Bersallis Three reports that the storm has changed its speed and heading.
Besides that.
Besides there are much better things to negotiate on this ship.
Besides, I can take care of myself.
Besides, I didn't say I was in love with him.
Besides, I have this funny feeling that maybe I spend most of my off hours here.
Besides, I'd like to see some of the ship.
Besides, I'd never be able to get an accurate sampling.
Besides, I'm not convinced about Lavelle.
Besides, I've just received some personnel transfer directives.
Besides, Tasha was a child when this woman was born.
Besides, at this point, you need all the help you can get.
Besides, he likes it.
Besides, how could we build our future without our animals?
Besides, it is always good to understand one's adversary in any negotiation.
Besides, it is clearly a bunny rabbit.
Besides, it would be wonderful to have you back home.
Besides, it wouldn't do any good.
Besides, it'll do them good to have to figure things out with words.
Besides, it's no stranger than what you're eating.
Besides, it's not safe.
Besides, these tests hardly require the Captain's personal attention.
Besides, they're looking for a damaged science ship that wants to be found.
Besides, this is a recipe of the Captain's Aunt Adelle.
Besides, those vouchers I gave you are every bit as good as latinum.
Besides, we have come to see Worf, not the ship.
Besides, we may need to use them again some day.
Besides, we owe it to the others, our friends.
Besides, where would I go?
Besides, you are the last and only chance.
Besides, you look good in a dress.
Besides, you never did this before.
Besides, you would have done the same thing for me.
Besides, you wouldn't understand.
Besides, you'd never find it without me.
Besides, your husband quite likes the idea of seeing me unclothed.
Best I ever had.
Best idea for now is to try a controlled overload of the warp drive.
Best of luck, folks.
Bet it all.
Bet'ala nog'tor.
Beta accuses them of intentionally courting genocide.
Betazoid blood is also practical, Captain.
Betazoid women are full of surprises.
Betazoid?
Betrayed them in order to save yourself.
Better be careful.
Better get ready for duty.
Better hours.
Better in some ways, sir.
Better is a highly subjective term.
Better jacket the scanning beam.
Better lock in phasers.
Better part of a day.
Better still, who did this to us?
Better take a good look at that gun, Sheriff.
Better than I've ever felt.
Better than chocolate.
Better than fine.
Better than prison?
Better wilted laurels than no laurels at all.
Better you than me.
Better.
Between Lore's Borg and Hugh's group.
Between Spock and his father.
Between champions.
Between cycles there's a window of a fiftieth of a second.
Between father and son.
Between forty five hundred and seven thousand angstroms.
Between him and that woman's inane chatter, it's a wonder I made it here at all.
Between the Romulans and the Federation?
Between the two of us we've logged thousands of hours on these engines.
Between the two of us?
Between you and me, Captain, I am far more interested in the trade agreements.
Beverly Sisters.
Beverly hoped that meeting him like this might make an impact.
Beverly said it's actually closer to twelve.
Beverly thinks its going to be tight.
Beverly was attracted to Ronin in a very intense and intimate way.
Beverly wins, and shoots a hole right through Jo'Bril, but it doesn't stop him.
Beverly's play.
Beverly, I can't do my job.
Beverly, I know what it is.
Beverly, I want you.
Beverly, Wesley's alive and he's well.
Beverly, can you hear me?
Beverly, come with me.
Beverly, could you use an extra pair of hands?
Beverly, did you miss me?
Beverly, get out of there!
Beverly, go after him.
Beverly, he can't make the journey you're asking of him.
Beverly, he's got to want that help.
Beverly, how dangerous would another ride through the inverter be to us?
Beverly, if I didn't know any better, I'd say you were seeing someone.
Beverly, isn't it just a matter of time?
Beverly, it is our obligation to think of escape.
Beverly, it's all right.
Beverly, look, he's seventeen years old.
Beverly, make sure that your tricorder is keeping a precise map of the route.
Beverly, may I take off the uniform for a moment?
Beverly, something's happened to me.
Beverly, that is me.
Beverly, the Prime Directive is not just a set of rules.
Beverly, the answers will come.
Beverly, there's something more important we should talk about.
Beverly, this is important.
Beverly, we must stop the others.
Beverly, we're going to be sweeping the ship with a high frequency IP pulse.
Beverly, we've done everything that we can.
Beverly, what do you hope to accomplish?
Beverly, what the hell is this?
Beverly, what's happening?
Beverly, when are you going to realise that you can't fool me?
Beverly, you are arguing for a man who may have murdered your son.
Beverly, you can't just resign.
Beverly, you gave me life and more.
Beverly, you know I loathe vacations.
Beverly, you're in love.
Beverly, you've done so much for me.
Beverly, your patient's life is at stake here.
Beverly.
Beware, a Klingon warrior is about to arrive.
Beyond that, I don't know what to do.
Beyond that, there is very little I can be sure of.
Beyond this place there be dragons.
Beyond us.
Beyond?
Bhavani was ready to go with the Federation.
BiHnuch.
Bien sur.
Big mistake.
Big ones, small ones.
Big talk, small tips.
Bigger?
Bilenium and tarrisite are not present.
Bill.
Bingo!
Bingo, Data.
Bingo?
Bio readings indicate that passenger's humanoid.
Bio-cellular disruption is imminent.
Bio-transfer authorisation complete.
Biobeds!
Biofilter log on Sev Maylor.
Biogenic weapons, for example.
Biological organism, Klingon.
Biological organism, human.
Biological virus analysis was a favourite subject at medical school.
Biped.
Birds have wings of all sizes, Eric.
Biscuits?
Bishop to Bishop Two.
Bishop to Queen's Bishop Four.
Bits and pieces.
Bits of half-remembered songs.
Bitter experience has taught me it's a fundamental truth.
Blackjack.
Blacksmiths used to use water to cool the metal.
Blame the pattern of my life, Lieutenant La Forge.
Blame you?
Blanket.
Blasphemy!
Blast!
Block the exit.
Block their transporter with the shields!
Blocked, possibly erased.
Blonde or brunette?
Blood pressure climbing.
Blood pressure is dropping rapidly.
Blood pressure levelling off.
Blood pressure ninety over forty.
Blood pressure up to ninety over forty and rising.
Blood.
Blood?
Bloody, vengeful feuds that lasted for generations.
Blue, blue, blue.
Bluffing is not one of Counsellor Troi's strong suits.
Board of inquiry blamed Darson for carelessness about Ghorusdan cultural taboos.
Board the ship, you'll see that everything I've been saying is true.
Boarding or disembarking?
Boarding party?
Bochra, there are times when it is necessary to die for one's ideals.
Bochra, we're lost, unless you've got something that can smell neutrinos.
Bochra, you're in bad shape and my vision's getting worse.
Bochra.
Bochra?
Bodies went unburied.
Bogrow, now which one was he?
Bogrow.
Bogrow?
Boiled taspar egg.
Bok apparently feels that it would be fitting vengeance to kill my son.
Bok is no DaiMon.
Bok is re-establishing his lock on him.
Bok is trying to use his transporter.
Bok once used a mind control device to make me hallucinate.
Bok used it.
Bok was in direct contact with this chair for an extended period.
Bon jour, mon Capitane.
Bon voyage mon ami.
Bonus?
Books.
Boom, boom.
Boost power to the shields.
Boost the confinement beam, please.
Boost the confinement beam.
Boost the gain on the matter stream.
Boost the level of tricordrazine.
Boost the signal strength.
Boost your output and lock on to the two Ferengi on board the shuttle.
Boosting field integrity to the warp nacelles.
Boosting it?
Boosting power to autosequencers.
Boothby said he caught you carving those initials into his prized elm tree.
Boothby, tell me some more about Nova Squadron.
Boothby.
Boothby?
Borathium is decades ahead of leporazine and morathial.
Border.
Boreth is only twelve days from here by shuttle.
Boreth.
Borg attempting to lock on tractor beam.
Borg cutting beam activated.
Borg tractor beam attempting to lock on, sir.
Borg tractor beam is attempting to lock on.
Borg vessel has reached warp nine.
Boridium power converter.
Born Brussels, European Alliance.
Born in La Barre, France.
Born on Gaspar Seven, but you wouldn't know it from the way he looked.
Born with his telepathic abilities switched on.
Born, and hope to die.
Botanists.
Both Deanna and I have tried, but we're not getting through to him.
Both Seronians and Rekag loyalists live there.
Both Will and Deanna showed normal levels.
Both are required for a programme of this nature.
Both described the same time distortion.
Both epicentres are beneath the two southernmost drill sites, Captain.
Both have remained constant.
Both he and Ensign T'Su are very young.
Both matters are subjects of protracted discussion.
Both of the other ships have been destroyed.
Both of you, sir.
Both of you, sit down.
Both parties are involved, sir.
Both sides agree the terms of the contract have been fulfilled.
Both sides agreed to choose an arbiter.
Both things.
Both times it had enveloped the shuttle.
Both warriors, orphans who found ourselves this family.
Both were engaged near the Ikalian asteroid belt.
Both your claims have been properly made and recorded.
Both, for example, are capable of converting energy into matter.
Bottom line, La Forge.
Bottom line.
Bought out the Ferengi yet, Ral?
Boundary.
Bourbon Street Bar, New Orleans.
Boy!
Boy, am I glad to see you.
Boy, are we glad to see you.
Boy, don't ever say that again.
Boy, don't play with that.
Boy, it's hot.
Boy, she must've hit you pretty hard.
Boy, what a day this was.
Boy, you have got the brass.
Boy, you're right.
Boys will be boys, Captain.
Brace yourself for impact.
Bractor.
Bragging, sir?
Brahms' voice entries.
Brain activity?
Brain organisation patterns are as unique as fingerprints.
Brain waves are still irregular.
Brave and mature.
Bravo, bravo!
Bravo, bravo.
Breach of dilithium chamber in forty seconds.
Break a leg.
Break off a piece and taste it.
Break off your pursuit immediately.
Breakfast is ready.
Breakfast is six to eight.
Breakfast?
Breaking synchronous orbit, sir.
Breaks my heart.
Breath smells like, well, it doesn't have any smell actually.
Breathable air.
Breathe slowly.
Breathe.
Breed?
Brenna, a word.
Brenna.
Brett is applying to Starfleet Academy next year.
Brevelle was sick for days before he left.
Bridge access denied.
Bridge from Engineering.
Bridge from Transporter Chief.
Bridge here, Captain.
Bridge here.
Bridge to Away team.
Bridge to Captain Jellico.
Bridge to Commander Data.
Bridge to Commander La Forge.
Bridge to Commander Riker!
Bridge to Data.
Bridge to Doctor Timicin.
Bridge to Ensign Ro.
Bridge to Lieutenant Worf, acknowledge.
Bridge to Riker, Urgent.
Bridge to Sickbay how are you Doing, Doctor?
Bridge to Transporter room two.
Bridge to Transporter room.
Bridge to Transporter rooms.
Bridge to all personnel.
Bridge to biolab four.
Bridge to holodeck control.
Bridge to holodeck.
Bridge to main Shuttlebay.
Bridge to survey team.
Bridge to transporter room three.
Bridge!
Bridge, engage engines!
Bridge, release security forcefield eight B.
Bridge, seal off deck eight, corridors A and B.
Bridge, the Computer says Commander La Forge is no longer on board.
Bridge, this is Commander Riker.
Bridge, this is Doctor Crusher.
Bridge, this is Doctor Pulaski.
Bridge, this is Lieutenant Commander Data.
Bridge, this is Lieutenant La Forge.
Bridge, this is Lieutenant Yar.
Bridge, this is Picard.
Bridge, this is Ten Forward.
Bridge, this is cargo deck five.
Bridge, this is main Engineering.
Bridge, transfer all transporter functions to Ten Forward.
Bridge, we have a coolant leak in the engine core!
Bridge, we have a hostage situation on deck seventeen.
Bridge, we need more power.
Brief, terrifying periods of consciousness.
Bright out there.
Bright what?
Bright.
Brighter than this.
Brilliant but vain, sensitive yet paranoid.
Brilliant young astronomer from Rigel Four.
Bring Commander Data.
Bring Lieutenant Yar.
Bring all systems online and direct full power to the shields.
Bring back any memories?
Bring down the door.
Bring her round to two seven five mark three.
Bring him as well.
Bring him here.
Bring him home, Number One.
Bring him in, Mister O'Brien.
Bring him on board.
Bring his vessel into the shuttlebay.
Bring it back here.
Bring it to me immediately.
Bring me the detronal scanner.
Bring new jokes.
Bring on the entertainment.
Bring our guest to the Bridge.
Bring photon torpedoes to ready!
Bring photon torpedoes to ready.
Bring that ship back at once.
Bring the Enterprise to a full stop, Commander.
Bring the engines online and take us out of here.
Bring the shuttle aboard.
Bring the stasis units in here, and have them online.
Bring them back.
Bring them over here.
Bring them.
Bring up the lights in the lab, just a bit.
Bring us aboard.
Bring us about, Ensign.
Bring us about, heading one twenty three mark four.
Bring us around on a return course.
Bring us around to the back side of the asteroid, Mister Crusher.
Bring us in closer, La Forge.
Bring us right into the edge of it, La Forge.
Bring us to an attack posture, Mister Worf.
Bring us to one zero three mark zero two five.
Bring us to the last known coordinates of the shuttlecraft.
Bring us to within ten thousand kilometres and hold us there.
Bring us within range of the fragment, Ensign.
Bringing it up here was the right thing to do, Number One.
Bringing the innocent to trial would be unfair.
Brinksmanship is a dangerous game.
Bristol fashion, sir?
Broaden search pattern beyond communications.
Broccoli makes me nervous, Captain.
Broccoli?
Broken and reset and treated with one of our subcutaneous bone fusion units.
Broken arm?
Brossmer to Commander Riker.
Brother, I feel as you.
Brother, I knew you would come.
Brother, this peace, this alliance, is like a living death to warriors like us.
Brothers forgive.
Brothers.
Brower, increase the intake of liquid helium three into the reactor wall.
Brull's ready to negotiate.
Brull, in twenty days, I hope to be very far away from here.
Brull, she's here, isn't she?
Brull, will you show Mister Crusher the course to set to the Hromi Cluster?
Brull, you traitor!
Brull.
Brush up on your Latin.
Brushing my hair.
Bubblegum.
Buck up, crewman.
Buffers in synch.
Build me something new, something efficient.
Building houses, having children.
Built for fighting?
Bulgallian rats?
Bunch of old, useless, garbage.
Burden?
Burns and Allen, Roxy Theater, New York City, 1932.
Business?
Bust a chair across my teeth?
Busy as ever.
Busy?
But Admiral Jarok crossing the lines?
But Ambassador, there are always other solutions.
But Ardra must have purified the polluted water and air?
But Cabot should stay where he is.
But Captain Picard is a pain, isn't he?
But Captain, I cannot allow the resonator to be assembled.
But Captain, I do not need to be rescued.
But Captain, isn't firing on us an act of war?
But Captain.
But Carstairs is better with people.
But Commander Riker and Lieutenant Riker are.
But Commander, the Dremans are not a subject for philosophical debate.
But Counsellor Troi reported nightmares.
But Counsellor, I do not have a
But Counsellor, I do not have an ego.
But Daddy.
But Data can understand you.
But Data, they were already dead.
But Doctor Apgar is dead.
But Doctor Pulaski has been notified.
But Duras?
But Enkidu fell to the ground, struck down by the gods.
But Geordi would be better able to anticipate unexpected variances.
But Geordi, I'm not saying that your mother was really communicating with you.
But Holmes understood the human soul.
But Homn can't even talk!
But I admit now, it was a mistake.
But I ain't one of your deputies, Sheriff.
But I also find sneezing interesting.
But I also know she was aboard that ship and she was not a child.
But I also realise the potential benefits.
But I always suspected you had a hidden streak of responsibility somewhere.
But I am Bajoran.
But I am a little unclear about the change itself.
But I am also bound by my oath and my conscience to uphold certain principles.
But I am ashamed.
But I am capable of performing significant tasks both mental and physical.
But I am concerned.
But I am convinced there's more at stake here than my life.
But I am curious.
But I am fine.
But I am happy to do it.
But I am in love with you, Deanna Troi, and I will always be.
But I am incapable of giving her love.
But I am no closer to solving this mystery.
But I am no longer that creation.
But I am not a member of your crew, sir.
But I am not an archaeological expert.
But I am not capable of love.
But I am not like you.
But I am not looking for my father.
But I am not mystified by the desire to be loved or the need for friendship.
But I am not the next man.
But I am offering you the opportunity for that experience to be civilised.
But I am on some kind of journey.
But I am picking up a faint reading.
But I am the Captain of this ship, and I have a right to accompany him.
But I am their friend.
But I am with child.
But I am.
But I ask so little, and it's so necessary if you're to solve all this.
But I ask you not to give that order.
But I ask you.
But I assume you could revive us?
But I assumed I'd read the book years ago and I'd forgotten.
But I believe Commander Riker wanted us to let them escape.
But I believe his hope was that you would understand.
But I believe it is possible.
But I believe that she's been thinking about you.
But I can assure you the attacking ship had no way of realising this.
But I can assure you, they have changed very little.
But I can create tremors just as she did.
But I can make no promises.
But I can tell you that the Enterprise will not leave them behind.
But I can tell you this.
But I can think of no other way to investigate my experience.
But I can't help feeling that I'm taking something from her.
But I can't let you risk the lives of this crew.
But I can't move my legs.
But I cannot allow you to desecrate her grave.
But I cannot have indigestion since I have not eaten.
But I cannot remember.
But I cannot take pride in my abilities.
But I control them.
But I could be a valuable member of the team.
But I could not.
But I could relay a message.
But I did find a small structural defect in the parietal lobe.
But I did see the Picard, and I was restored back to life.
But I did win.
But I didn't know.
But I didn't like performing in front of an audience.
But I didn't understand how or why until I was older.
But I didn't want to see him dead.
But I do expect you to understand this, We've put aside the old hatreds.
But I do have several more days of logs left to watch.
But I do have something to gain from it.
But I do keep reminding myself.
But I do know it was an empty death.
But I do know that there's a part of her that wants to be helped.
But I do know that this is a mistake.
But I do know that we are ready to encounter it.
But I do know this.
But I do know you must not take me back.
But I do need a ship.
But I do not agree with Talur's assessment.
But I do not blame you.
But I do not experience emotions.
But I do not have a mother.
But I do not know how to say goodbye.
But I do not wish to harm you.
But I do not wish to sell all the fragments.
But I do think it's possible.
But I do, sir.
But I do.
But I don't believe that this was part of your plan.
But I don't know if I want to be Eve.
But I don't know if he can withstand it.
But I don't know what else to do.
But I don't learn nearly this much in school.
But I don't live here.
But I don't often encounter them.
But I don't really consider anything sacred.
But I don't see any physical
But I don't think I'll ever learn to see men the way you do.
But I don't think he's a barber.
But I don't think that it really is.
But I don't think that's you.
But I don't understand.
But I don't want any counseling.
But I don't want any of this to disrupt my time here.
But I don't want you here.
But I don't.
But I doubt protecting the Bandi would violate the Prime Directive.
But I expressed no such interest.
But I feel like celebrating.
But I feel perfectly fine otherwise.
But I find I'm having to rediscover that this is really my home.
But I find these humans rather interesting.
But I find this all fascinating, don't you?
But I fired it on myself, so I should be dead.
But I found out about him.
But I got out of uniform for you, Data.
But I got tired of watching them placate the Cardassians, and so I left.
But I guess I got over it.
But I guess I'll have to get used to it if I want to get my career going again.
But I had read his paper and his work was extraordinary.
But I had two full bioscans today.
But I have a purpose.
But I have been able to rule out any head injury.
But I have committed a terrible crime.
But I have decided the consequences of that possibility are too grave to ignore.
But I have decided to break with tradition.
But I have decided.
But I have enough jewels.
But I have found indications of debris in an elliptical orbit.
But I have got to give him the freedom to explore that question himself.
But I have important business to attend to.
But I have learned to listen carefully.
But I have my orders.
But I have no idea what it represents.
But I have no place for it in my life now.
But I have no sexual desire.
But I have remedied the situation.
But I have seen my share of death.
But I have seen the great players make the great plays.
But I have the knowledge, locked up in this puny brain.
But I have to be concerned about more than my own happiness.
But I have.
But I haven't finished fixing your tea, Commander.
But I haven't tried it in years.
But I just don't understand this guy.
But I just want you to know I'm available if you should change your mind.
But I just wanted to say the words.
But I knew when it was time to turn it off and say goodbye.
But I know Mom's pictures are there.
But I know how to shut them down.
But I know it can work.
But I know just how to fix this.
But I know this is going to be like for him.
But I look on that as a last resort.
But I love being on the Enterprise I don't want to be anywhere else.
But I may have no choice.
But I must admit, I would have done so anyway.
But I must find some way to prevent it that you understand.
But I must know what you intend to do with me afterwards.
But I must say no.
But I must talk to you.
But I need information.
But I need to know more.
But I neither like it nor dislike it.
But I never forgot how you already knew every control, every display.
But I never realised how much I needed mine until I looked at you.
But I never wanted to compound one illusion with another.
But I possess much of his knowledge.
But I promise you it won't work.
But I promise you, there is no way Isabella can harm you or anyone on this ship.
But I promised cooperation, and that's what we shall give.
But I recommend that you look up from time to time.
But I remember everything!
But I saw the tactical communiques.
But I saw them.
But I say forget the numbers.
But I see it is clear you have no intention of changing.
But I see no other alternative.
But I seen no sign of police.
But I sensed a holding back.
But I sent in a request weeks ago.
But I should not have allowed it to interfere with my duties.
But I shouldn't have let you talk me into this.
But I so much want to kill her.
But I speak with my own voice, not his.
But I started it.
But I suppose we could network a few tricorders together.
But I suspect it's not a revolution that Angel One is hoping to stop.
But I think I understand you pretty well.
But I think I'm about to find out.
But I think it was a good day.
But I think it'd be safe.
But I think no one can deny that the seed of violence remains within each of us.
But I think that I have constructed some plausible theories of my own.
But I think you should consider this.
But I thought he was tied up on ship's business.
But I thought it was a Klingon who had cut me with a knife.
But I thought that tetryons were unstable in normal space.
But I thought that's the point of the briefing.
But I thought you said I wasn't going to be able to go?
But I touched her.
But I want to know how.
But I want to talk about the assassination attempt on Lieutenant Worf.
But I want you to consider something.
But I want you to know this is mutiny.
But I want you to know you have the Admiral's and my complete confidence.
But I want you, Will Riker, to relax.
But I warn you, if another Federation starship tries to enter the Zone.
But I warn you, if he becomes a disruption, I will not be so tolerant.
But I warn you, if you get hurt, I'll put you on report, Captain.
But I was born a Klingon.
But I was hoping we might spend more time together, Captain.
But I was starting to change, Anne.
But I was tense!
But I was triumphant.
But I was under the impression there was a cease fire agreement.
But I was wrong, I know that now.
But I was.
But I wasn't ready.
But I will not break my oath of loyalty to Starfleet.
But I will not promise never to appear again.
But I will not release the transporter.
But I will prove myself.
But I will require full payment in advance.
But I will tell you this.
But I will tolerate no further insubordination.
But I will try.
But I will.
But I wish that Vorin could have bridged the gap between our two cultures.
But I won't be wearing this uniform any longer.
But I would gladly give it up to be human.
But I wouldn't lose.
But I'd consider a trade.
But I'd like to bet this will.
But I'd like you to consider remaining in Starfleet.
But I'd like you to undergo some tests as well.
But I'd much rather stay with you.
But I'll be back for you later.
But I'll burn up!
But I'll honour them, of course.
But I'll meet you for dinner.
But I'll need two hours to refit the ship's phasers for drilling.
But I'll still fill you with crumpets, Madam.
But I'm afraid I cannot afford to wait for you to mature.
But I'm always with you, you know that.
But I'm attempting to modify their alignment parameters.
But I'm convinced she can help us here, Commander.
But I'm crying.
But I'm going to find out what's real and what's not.
But I'm going to live?
But I'm going with her.
But I'm happy that yours is here with us, Counsellor.
But I'm looking down a long road, Doctor.
But I'm not a robber.
But I'm not ashamed to tell you I'm a little scared, you know?
But I'm not the expert at determining that.
But I'm not trying now.
But I'm not what he expected.
But I'm not worried.
But I'm okay.
But I'm still waiting for a full sero-amino readout.
But I'm sure that Counsellor Troi and the others can do that without you.
But I've come here to help Will prepare for his first task as captain.
But I've got a job to do here, and quite frankly, you're in the way.
But I've heard some Klingon belly laughs that would curl your hair.
But I've known since I first met you that in your heart, you're one of us.
But I've never anyone who gave me thoughts about not going home.
But I've told you that I believe you.
But Isabella wanted to see Engineering.
But Jameson didn't give weapons to only us.
But Jayden put something in the water and now everyone's better.
But Jean-Luc will find a way to settle this.
But Jean-Luc, you took me far too literally.
But Kentor and the others, they said they were with us.
But Lal couldn't understand the nuances of how they related to each other.
But Lal is my child.
But Lore was cruel.
But Mister Data is a member of my crew.
But Mister Riker says I can work on fixing it as part of my discipline training.
But Morath refused to fight him and instead ran away.
But Napoleonic equipment on an alien planet.
But Nick Locarno, he watches out for them.
But Nikolai refused to let us.
But Pierce is human.
But Starfleet took that frightened, angry young girl and tempered her.
But Toral needs guidance.
But Wesley's one of our own.
But William James won't be in my Starfleet exams.
But a Captain's life means a great deal to me.
But a Galaxy class ship, that's something special.
But a bit clumsy.
But a lie of omission is still a lie.
But a meeting will give you the chance to present your recommendations.
But a mission of mercy?
But absolutely no margin for error.
But adjusting the phase inside the field, that's going to be the hard part.
But after I returned, those voices began to change.
But after he settled in, we got along fine.
But after that, it started feeling better.
But after the newness wore off, we started to see how the men were treated.
But after your tailor is done, would you join me in the cargo bay?
But against whom do you test yourself?
But all I knew of was Data.
But all I sense from him is confusion.
But all achievement has a price.
But all my needs have been anticipated and planned for before I'm even born.
But all that's here now is empty beds.
But all this was is nothing.
But all you found there was toxic gas.
But almost exactly the same conditions as here.
But although I would never act on it, I couldn't help the way I felt.
But always he returned to the mountains.
But anything is possible.
But apparently I was wrong.
But are we doing a good thing now, Doctor?
But are you sure?
But aren't we interfering either way?
But as I see it, the Borg leave us with little choice.
But as a Romulan might say, only a veruul would use such language in public.
But as a first step I must disassemble and study it.
But as a human, I would have died of boredom.
But as an acute observer of behaviour, you should be able to approximate it.
But as far as we can tell, only their bodies were changed.
But as they say, sir, you're the Captain.
But at extreme risk.
But at least they're not new enemies.
But at least we can give it a try.
But at what cost, Number One?
But be warned, Counsellor, these men are dangerous.
But before that can happen, we need to regain access to your central computer.
But before that, we should see if we can balance this engine.
But before we proceed, I'd like to update our geological surveys.
But before we stop them, we have to find them.
But believe me, I don't.
But bit by bit, this ship is being transformed.
But both have also applied for admission into our Federation.
But bow can that be?
But boys will be boys.
But but you only made twenty-three moves.
But by your own admission, Reyga was a difficult man to understand.
But can they be removed from the hull?
But can you point us at the right individual, as Mister Data suggested?
But can't brain patterns be cloned?
But change into what?
But computers don't have those failings.
But concerned?
But confused.
But consider this.
But creating it has had quite an effect on our systems.
But days went by and nobody came.
But did it evoke an emotional response?
But did we tell them anything they wanted to hear?
But didn't Q say you already had caused it?
But do it.
But do not concern yourself, Inspector.
But do not push her too far.
But do you understand the basis of all this nonsense between them?
But doesn't this situation require a more Klingon response?
But don't rush this.
But don't touch anything!
But don't try to remember specific incidents.
But don't worry.
But e haven't finished the scan, sir.
But each of us must die in our own time, and my time
But emotions were responsible for what I did to you.
But especially for my life.
But even if the results are negative, contact Starbase Command.
But even in war there are rules.
But everyone must take shelter in the tents.
But everything started when we found the Brittain?
But extremists often have a logic all their own.
But feelings are running very high.
But felicium inhibits the sickness with total efficiency.
But finally, if that is my only reason to stay alive.
But finding time to relax is up to you.
But first I have to find it.
But first I must deal with a situation of a far more personal nature.
But first I must see my people.
But first I need to ask you some questions.
But first our starship.
But first we must discuss some matters of the utmost delicacy.
But first, I have to find him, collect the money I'm owed.
But first, I request a moment with the Captain.
But first, get their money and jewellry.
But first, tell Leech to back off.
But first, tell me.
But first, there is no Neutral Zone, remember?
But first, these terrorist attacks must end.
But five hours is not enough time.
But for all our knowledge, all our advances, we are just as mortal as you are.
But for now it's the best we can do.
But for now, for right now, you're just raw material to them.
But for now, stand by.
But futilely.
But he admitted to an alliance with the Crystal Entity.
But he also added this phrase.
But he did have reasons.
But he did say that he was very close to proving his theories.
But he did, Gowron.
But he didn't They took him from us a piece at a time.
But he does.
But he doesn't have an edge.
But he doesn't understand.
But he had to break my arm to do it.
But he has many fine qualities.
But he has no real influence among my people.
But he has not been showing any overt unusual behaviour.
But he is a boy again.
But he is alive.
But he is more comfortable with me, sir.
But he is not from the future, he is from the past.
But he is one man.
But he is performing his function as he is designed to do.
But he is proud, noble, brave and beautiful.
But he is right.
But he knows where he is, who's here with him.
But he made me so completely human the colonists became envious of me.
But he must.
But he needs his study time.
But he needs out help.
But he needs your help to do it.
But he still won't let me on the Bridge.
But he wanted you to have this when you turned eighteen.
But he wants to come to my department.
But he was not perfect.
But he won't do it unless you return control of the ship to him.
But he wouldn't have died alone and afraid.
But he wouldn't listen.
But he'd turn his weapons on a Federation Starship to protect the enemy?
But he's Captain Picard.
But he's an android.
But he's getting younger, and I'm, well look at me.
But he's going to save me as well.
But he's had so little opportunity to spend time with Klingons.
But he's no longer there?
But he's not going to stay alright.
But he's not responding.
But he's one of Starfleet's finest captains.
But he's ready for this command.
But hear them out.
But her powers?
But her version puts a noose around my neck.
But here I am.
But here on Ventax Two, I am called Ardra.
But here's the really interesting part.
But hey are not alone.
But his aides did seem to be a little overprotective, didn't they?
But his intention was to create an artificial life form.
But how can that be possible?
But how can you be so sure that they can have children?
But how can you function, conduct the meeting?
But how could I have known the Uthat wasn't there?
But how did Data escape that thing?
But how did her body become embedded in a bulkhead?
But how did that child acquire access to a shuttlecraft?
But how did this happen?
But how did you resolve the signal fragmentation?
But how do I find it?
But how do I know how?
But how do we get to it?
But how do you account for the difficulties the Enterprise is experiencing?
But how do you know that's why?
But how does it taste?
But how is that possible?
But how or why?
But how we proceed is entirely up to you.
But how will it be possible to prove which one was responsible?
But how wonderful you still think of me like that.
But how would you overcome the Romulan cloaking device?
But humans still sneeze for other reasons and I cannot seem to do it right.
But hurry!
But if Elbrun was so good, why didn't he warn Darson?
But if I am right?
But if I am successful with the creation of Lal, my continuance is assured.
But if I'm in the matter stream too long.
But if I'm right, then we're still alive and I'm going to need your help.
But if Neral is ready to publicly endorse reunification.
But if anything goes wrong we will need a Starfleet officer.
But if anything's going to get done.
But if it doesn't work, we won't have another chance for eight years.
But if it helps us get our point across.
But if it is here, then it means something.
But if it means anything to you, you're a better human than I.
But if she really is Q, she must understand what that means.
But if that is so, Captain, why are their methods so often successful?
But if that presumption is correct, then we could have sustained other damage.
But if the answer is not forthcoming, your model will not function.
But if the only proof you will believe is my death, then shoot.
But if there's anything you'd like?
But if there's no one still living there, how were we brought inside?
But if they did escape, they'll head for the Lyshan system.
But if they do, I'd better be ready for it.
But if they needed an engineer, sir, why didn't they take a real one?
But if this Palmer is a servant of the Overseer, what was he doing in the cave?
But if we could get further away, increase the deflector's range.
But if we erase his memory, who he is or who he has become would be destroyed.
But if we lose the force field for any reason, we lose the ship.
But if we stay here, we're dead anyway.
But if you could change, would you?
But if you do anything foolish before that inquiry.
But if you do, then resign your appointment to the Academy and walk away.
But if you don't act until then, it may be too late.
But if you don't mind my asking, sir, what for?
But if you feel any symptoms, headache, dizziness, come back.
But if you get us to the Duras sisters, I'll see what I can do.
But if you go back, it could be a great deal more helpful.
But if you hadn't been, what would have happened between us?
But if you were able to get here, the storms must have subsided.
But if you're right, someone else may be involved.
But if you're too busy, I'll see you at your father's birthday party.
But imagine coming home after twenty-two years.
But impossible to prove.
But in a sense, that's exactly what happened.
But in forty years, they've never attacked a Federation target.
But in front of Krite and the others, I must be careful not to reveal myself.
But in seconds it will completely dissolve that uniform.
But in the end, I was more afraid that you would blame yourself if I died.
But in the meantime, I think we should do what we can to avoid a collision.
But in those few seconds, the Enterprise might break free.
But in vulgar human fashion they proceeded to conceive a child.
But in your case, probably a smarter computer is in order.
But inside, is he really Odan?
But instead she betrayed me, and used my money to make her way here.
But instead you will die with us.
But is it alive?!
But is it not my duty to offer you alternatives?
But is it really you?
But is not honesty always the preferred choice?
But is that all he is?
But it all seems so vague.
But it can wait.
But it certainly isn't behaving like a typical parasite.
But it could suggest a hidden power source.
But it could work.
But it did happen, just as we've said.
But it didn't end there.
But it didn't turn out the way that I thought.
But it does happen.
But it does not have to be this way.
But it doesn't appear to be related to the lacerations.
But it doesn't matter.
But it feels good to indulge yourself sometimes.
But it has served me so well in the past.
But it has!
But it hasn't been approved by the Chief Engineer or by me.
But it is a Betazoid trait.
But it is a big if.
But it is a feeling that I do not share, Lwaxana.
But it is a warrior's song.
But it is also true that I am curious to learn more about it.
But it is definitely reacting to our presence.
But it is difficult to believe he'd be capable of this.
But it is hardly a weapon by our standards.
But it is imperative that you disengage the tachyon pulse immediately.
But it is not Data.
But it is not my way.
But it is not too late.
But it is not.
But it is only a small science station.
But it is possible.
But it is preventing us from helping you.
But it is prudent.
But it is the only logical solution.
But it is true that I will miss the arguments.
But it isn't going to be easy telling her.
But it makes no sense.
But it needs risk, something to win and something to lose.
But it never happened.
But it puzzles me.
But it seems to be humanoid.
But it took three years to negotiate this treaty.
But it was a thrill.
But it was a wonderful feeling.
But it was all real.
But it was done.
But it was easier just to turn your back and build your precious Data.
But it was here.
But it was more than that.
But it was my fault.
But it was not intended as a humourous remark.
But it was one of the best times of my life.
But it was proven to be fatal.
But it was required.
But it was so much fun, I couldn't resist.
But it was the right answer for me.
But it was uncomfortable for the woman and cruel to the animal.
But it was wrong, and I see that now.
But it wasn't like this.
But it will feel real when it hits you.
But it will.
But it works.
But it would give them more than one target to worry about.
But it would never work.
But it would not be so to me.
But it would seem a full disclosure after contact would have been in order.
But it would seem that they're damaged.
But it's a chance we have to take.
But it's a likely hypothesis, Number One.
But it's a pity that the guest of honour will be absent.
But it's a place to start.
But it's about all this world does offer.
But it's all so hazy.
But it's artificial.
But it's dark.
But it's done and there is no way to undo it.
But it's easier, boy.
But it's getting worse.
But it's going to be a long voyage.
But it's going to take some time.
But it's how I say it that's really important.
But it's impossible.
But it's inorganic.
But it's just a jumble.
But it's kind of hard.
But it's my guess they're in no danger.
But it's nice to know I'll have a few options.
But it's not conclusive.
But it's not finished.
But it's not going to go away.
But it's not possible to totally cut it off from the rest of the ship.
But it's not reasonable.
But it's our way of life.
But it's our way of telling them that we want to go home.
But it's our way.
But it's safer for all concerned to leave one behind.
But it's still close to the formula from the old Enterprise records.
But it's still wrong.
But it's too big for us to go after alone.
But it's true.
But it's very polite, which is a very nice touch.
But it's what we've been waiting for.
But it's what you've always wanted, Data, to become human.
But just don't be too particular where you get your funds from.
But just one of you.
But just remember, ten minutes, no more.
But just try getting it out of him.
But keep me away from what?
But keep packing, because one way or the other, you will be reporting.
But kidnap?
But killing for a purpose can be quite often ingenious.
But let him dream.
But let there be no mistake.
But let us put this to rest as quickly as possible.
But let's allow her the moment.
But let's be sure.
But let's do everything we can to avoid the collision.
But let's hope it doesn't become a defence matter.
But let's keep this between you and me.
But listen to the pattern.
But look at him now.
But make certain he does not cause trouble.
But many humanoids have comparable cell structures.
But marriage was out of the question.
But maybe it's time to let him know that some behaviour is unacceptable to us.
But more isn't better.
But more sultry.
But more than that, I believed that I could see five lights.
But more than that, I've come to think of you as a friend.
But more than that, it is intelligent life.
But most of those objects are gone.
But mostly I remember Nana, who raised me after my mother died.
But my guess is, this virus would only kill one Acamarian in a million.
But my heart is empty again.
But my mind is crowded with images.
But my programme does include military strategy.
But my two duty nurses don't remember them.
But my uniform, my visor.
But neither that theory nor any other received wide acceptance.
But never even to try.
But never more than seventy two hours.
But never someone I've been in love with.
But next time, it will be out here, among the stars.
But no colours.
But no longer.
But no more.
But no one has actually seen one?
But no one has bet.
But no one they've talked to knows any more about their identities than we do.
But no sign of rejection.
But no sound of power.
But none of her main systems were crippled.
But none of this is real.
But not Holmes.
But not Watson.
But not all of it.
But not all?
But not any more, sir.
But not any more?
But not apparently my humility.
But not bad.
But not every culture agrees with our position.
But not here.
But not his mother.
But not just because of tradition.
But not life.
But not low enough to beam them out.
But not necessarily to you.
But not of what you think.
But not quite on a conscious level.
But not right now.
But not the second time.
But not to worry, Number One, you're in good hands.
But not trained in clear thinking.
But not until it's cooked.
But not with me, huh?
But not you.
But nothing in my experience can persuade me that what you have told me is true.
But nothing more?
But now I don't care.
But now I know what I saw in there was real.
But now I realise you're just as weak as all the others.
But now I'm sure he understands why I had to do what I had to do.
But now at least it's possible.
But now he seems different.
But now his memory will live on in his namesake.
But now it appears as though Masaka's sun is chasing it.
But now that I have, he seems to be a fully realised individual.
But now we have your ship and your bodies to carry us home.
But now we have.
But now, I want a complete check, all systems, all divisions.
But now, I will have to bond with Alrik within two days.
But now, after hearing what you just said.
But now, except for Riker, I would like you all to return to your stations.
But now, look what fortune has graced me with.
But now, that vessel is yours, if you wish to have it.
But of course it is.
But of course, an older boy saw them and wanted them, and he got them.
But of one thing I am absolutely sure.
But of what?
But on that day, a century ago, my life ended and my search began.
But on the Enterprise you do that every day.
But on your ship, I feel like I'm just in the way.
But one of them looks broken.
But one thing is clear.
But one thing is missing.
But one we'd be fools not to take advantage of.
But only I can command them.
But only here.
But only if I come with you.
But only if it works.
But only if there are more occurrences.
But only the Captain.
But only when necessary.
But our colony survived and prospered.
But our identities have somehow been erased or suppressed.
But our sensors were malfunctioning.
But our spirit, it is indomitable.
But pain is unpleasant, is it not?
But perhaps Commander Riker could take over for me.
But perhaps I will leave if Commander Riker provides me with some amusement.
But perhaps eighty seven million years ago, there were.
But perhaps he can come part of the way.
But perhaps the beliefs of our ancestors are true.
But perhaps the fault lies in ourselves.
But perhaps this will brighten your spirits.
But perhaps we can bring Romulus to you.
But perhaps, over the years, we lost sight of our children that we raised here.
But please, re-examine our data.
But please, try to understand.
But regardless, it is ancient in the extreme.
But rest assured, we will respond.
But right now, I need your experience at tactical.
But rumour has it Commander Shelby's played a hand or two.
But say if it were undone, would she be normal again?
But she can.
But she died in the attack.
But she died.
But she had to, just to get us to listen.
But she knew how important the food was to us.
But she may really believe she's in love with him.
But she must choose to walk through it.
But she told me she's trapped on that planet, that she's in danger.
But she will grow up.
But she'd never agree to use her powers to help us.
But she's dead.
But she's not imaginary anymore.
But shields won't help if that star explodes.
But should not the feelings run as deep regardless of who has died?
But shouldn't the safety overrides have prevented that?
But shouldn't these be connected?
But since it doesn't show where they went, we're still in the dark.
But since we can't, take us out of here, Number One.
But since you recommended it, how should I approach her?
But sir, Chancellor Alrik is waiting to receive you in holodeck seven.
But sir, I am supposed to be attempting a Neo-Platonic magical rite.
But sir, Lore was responsible for
But sir, as I said, I have not yet completed my full analysis.
But sir, how can we trust each other?
But sir, it could be a dangerous mission.
But sir, the sale price of this edifice is twelve point five million.
But six more hours may not be enough.
But so far we haven't had any fatalities, yet.
But somehow I didn't think you'd be one of those.
But something did appear directly in our path.
But something has gone wrong.
But something is happening.
But something similar.
But something went wrong.
But sometimes the game is to know when to consider yourself before others.
But sometimes you have to turn it all off.
But soon.
But still the standard.
But still, I don't know.
But still, compared to other boys his age, his fighting skills are years behind.
But still, it isolates us, doesn't it?
But still, to seal someone inside a class eight Probe and launch it off.
But surely it would be wrong to force the issue.
But surely that's an impossible task for you, Data.
But surely the technology must exist to save something of this world?
But surely there must be something that you want?
But surely with a man of your influence leading the way?
But surely you wish to live like the rest of us?
But surely, Captain, you have regulations to take care of such an eventuality.
But surely, Worf, you must still have some influence.
But tensions continue to run high on the colonies and outposts in this sector.
But thank you, really.
But thank you.
But thanks to you, I'm doing much better now.
But thanks to you, dear brother, I spent nearly two years drifting in space.
But thanks to you, there are very few of us left.
But that EM reading?
But that changes nothing.
But that cluster consists of more than twenty star systems.
But that does not alter your duty to me and to this ship.
But that does not make him expendable, or any less significant.
But that does not mean identical, however.
But that happened before we even arrived.
But that hasn't been true for a long time.
But that is a childhood ailment!
But that is not all I learned.
But that is not our way.
But that isn't all.
But that might not work.
But that photograph was taken over fifty years ago.
But that was a long time ago.
But that was not satisfactory.
But that was the last time I saw him alive.
But that will be quite enough, Captain.
But that will leave us defenceless.
But that won't bring back Jo'Bril, will it?
But that would be foolishness.
But that would defeat the opportunity for our behavioural research.
But that would mean that I'm the one trapped in the bubble.
But that would not affect the engines in any way.
But that's a completely improper procedure.
But that's a normal reaction after sudden fright.
But that's a strategy consistent with a cloaked vessel.
But that's a truth we have obscured behind a comfortable, easy euphemism.
But that's all it is, an inconvenience.
But that's exactly what men are, darling.
But that's exactly what we can't do because that's what we're supposed to do.
But that's good.
But that's impossible.
But that's impossible?
But that's life, Data.
But that's me.
But that's not an answer.
But that's not enough time.
But that's not the issue at all, is it?
But that's only the foundation.
But that's our boy.
But that's the kind of question that would take a lifetime to answer.
But that's what gives a metamorph pleasure.
But that's what this exchange programme is all about.
But that's what you're talking about anyway, isn't it?
But that's what's so odd.
But that's why we have friends.
But that, too, would be interference.
But the Argus computer is inoperable.
But the Bajora must be patient.
But the Cardassians were not impressed.
But the Chief Engineer isn't on board.
But the Elway Theorem proved to be entirely inaccurate.
But the Enterprise computer is property.
But the Enterprise will remain in orbit over the planet.
But the Ferengi weapons were working when we first arrived.
But the Professor did not choose this figure at random.
But the Prytt are not.
But the baby seeds are very small, so we mustn't give them too much to drink.
But the barrel stays.
But the battle is over.
But the broader the base the healthier and the safer the society.
But the children have been in protective isolation since this was detected.
But the colony was destroyed.
But the colony's principal interest was science.
But the damage has been done.
But the death toll might go down, at least in the short term.
But the doors will open automatically when the launch begins.
But the ear is one of our most erogenous zones.
But the emergency generators are all we've got.
But the emotion turned, and twisted, became entangled with ambition.
But the fact remains, here we are, there is no freighter.
But the female?
But the fighting is over now.
But the happiest report has its negatives.
But the holodeck can't create anything dangerous.
But the hunt didn't end there.
But the implementation is quite difficult.
But the men are here, next to one of the Alliance headquarters.
But the most important thing of all?
But the offer raised in me certain feelings of regret.
But the older children kept asking him to play, and I couldn't keep him away.
But the one quality that tends to be a requirement for parenthood is patience.
But the only emotions Data seems to feel are negative.
But the outpost is on the other side of the Vodrey Nebula.
But the plasma shock activated them prematurely.
But the probability of making a six is no greater than that of rolling a seven.
But the probe was hostile.
But the question is, how do we know who we're looking for?
But the question remains, why?
But the sensors aren't showing any life readings.
But the sensors show nothing out there, right?
But the strange thing is, she never mentioned him in her letters.
But the symbiont being, Odan, is still alive.
But the time may come when we will be required to take greater risks.
But the truth is, Worf, your father and I, we're getting old.
But the truth is, he panicked.
But the two of you are very well acquainted.
But the underlying trauma is still there.
But the vaccine is important in this case, sir.
But their fear was not focused.
But their leader, Finn, he's not what you'd expect.
But their ships are faster than yours.
But their water table is tainted.
But then I never could say no to you.
But then again, all good things must come to an end.
But then again, that's what you wanted, wasn't it?
But then again, there aren't any more just like you, are there?
But then again, you don't give a thought to comfort, do you.
But then again, you're what?
But then there must be a lot of things about you that I don't know.
But then we have to adjust the vector processor and the drive coils.
But then who's responsible?
But then you also have trouble with their humour.
But then, I never could spell.
But then, I'm not Wesley.
But then, isn't that when the game gets interesting, Commander?
But then, most people do, until it's too late.
But then, there's so much about John that's a mystery.
But there are a few in the Romulan hierarchy like Pardek, who are sympathetic.
But there are customs and rituals of which I have no experience at all.
But there are many who say we have gone far enough.
But there are medical records from that era.
But there are no guarantees.
But there are no life signs, sir.
But there are only six ships.
But there are points in the negotiations that Briam still has to address.
But there are six people still unaccounted for.
But there could be a ship or a subspace relay station receiving the data.
But there had to be some reason.
But there is a chance.
But there is a door or a hatch or something about twenty metres this way.
But there is a piece of information I don't have.
But there is a problem here, sir.
But there is a way to neutralise that threat.
But there is nothing regarding the ship's mission.
But there is nothing to fear.
But there is one serious complication.
But there is one thing I do not understand.
But there is so much to gain and there is so little to lose by the effort.
But there it is.
But there seems to be no alternative.
But there seems to be nothing we can do, at least within regulations.
But there was a real Juliana O'Donnell.
But there was a very good chance we would have said yes.
But there was an explosion.
But there was no apparent retinal damage and the cornea looks fine.
But there was no mention that my father was married to you.
But there was only one survivor of the war on Rana Four.
But there was someone else there.
But there were eighty people on that ship, Number One.
But there'll be no atmospheric condensers.
But there'll come a time when all you remember is the love.
But there's a good chance this isn't going to work.
But there's a lot more to it than just that.
But there's a part of me that's a little sad.
But there's a question as to the circumstances of his death.
But there's no evidence Wesley was performing that sort of check.
But there's no other indication of that.
But there's no physical evidence.
But there's nothing rational about this.
But there's nothing wrong with that.
But there's something more when you look at me, isn't there?
But there's still some brain activity.
But there's the second possibility.
But these are not my stars.
But these courts happened in the past.
But these things are not at all unusual with us.
But these tunnel walls are something I've never seen before, sir.
But they are plotting something.
But they beamed over their cargo.
But they consider this entire star cluster to be theirs.
But they could just as easily have shot her where she stood.
But they do have an interest in driving the Federation and the Empire apart.
But they do not appear to be operable.
But they don't believe anyone can save them.
But they found him imperfect and I was made to replace him.
But they have all chosen to serve Starfleet.
But they lack the ability to use it properly.
But they listed nothing about punishment.
But they made me too well and I became more than a character in a story.
But they wanted us to know they were there.
But they will learn, adapt.
But they will not defeat me.
But they will.
But they'd have to be pretty damn high.
But they'll benefit from the extended time.
But they're all much older than you are.
But they're wrong, I assure you.
But they've not fired.
But this could be done through diplomatic channels, Admiral.
But this increasingly hypothetical someone would not be me.
But this is a city.
But this is a subject far out of my experience.
But this is an error that's a light year wide.
But this is no ordinary storm.
But this is not a class in temporal logic.
But this is not the present I remember.
But this is not the time for change.
But this is not the time for that.
But this is unlike anything you've ever faced.
But this is witchcraft, Yareena.
But this isn't the same.
But this kind of refinement should be shared, and you deserve the credit for it.
But this morning, ten other people reported hearing them at the same time I did.
But this one first, in the fashion the Empire has always challenged savages.
But this time, I had an uncontrollable urge to eliminate the image I saw.
But this time, your concern is unwarranted.
But this vessel?
But this was different.
But this was something I had to do.
But this won't be boring.
But this would have to be done in the other two time periods as well.
But this zone has been selected.
But those are just tales, father.
But those qualities would interfere with rational judgment, would they not?
But thousands of Datas.
But to Data, she's his child.
But to be honest, I don't think another week would make any difference.
But to become a part of you?
But to leave the Enterprise.
But tornadoes develop from existing storm fronts.
But unfortunately, I've grown accustomed to human companionship.
But unlike life on Earth and elsewhere, it appears to be completely inorganic.
But until I see some hard evidence, I'm not going to give up hope.
But until we assemble it, we will never know its purpose.
But very little that is unexpected occurs here.
But we also have a captain singing drinking songs with his men.
But we also have had peace for ten generations.
But we also have this nesting instinct.
But we are both living beings.
But we are feeding the people.
But we are involved.
But we are not.
But we are on a purely scientific mission.
But we are on the Bridge.
But we are prepared to take them on if that's what they want.
But we are resolute, we are determined, and your help is not required.
But we are still left with some unanswered questions.
But we aren't carrying anything that could produce that kind of explosion.
But we both know it's not as simple as that.
But we both know that is not the case.
But we can hardly hate what we once were.
But we can't act as if we were still adults.
But we can't be certain.
But we can't find the source.
But we can't stay in this area too long.
But we cannot argue like this in front of her.
But we chose someone from your past who is still alive.
But we could still see each other.
But we do know that the Iconians were conquerors.
But we do now have a law I must obey.
But we don't have a week, so there's no sense in crying about it.
But we don't know what we're looking for.
But we don't know what's causing the disease.
But we don't.
But we evolved into a higher form.
But we have asked the mining settlement to send any vessels they might have.
But we have business!
But we have established that this is not a holograph.
But we have had no dealings with them.
But we have made an honourable agreement.
But we have maintained warp factor nine for longer than is recommended, sir.
But we have no facts.
But we have no way of detecting it.
But we have seen her powers here.
But we have seen humans eat meat.
But we have to be careful.
But we have to look out for ourselves now.
But we know there is a traitor here.
But we lost you in mid-transport.
But we may have to operate the probe at close to tolerance levels.
But we may have to transport the Boraalans whether you're ready or not.
But we must act by sundown.
But we must agree to an arbiter.
But we must be careful.
But we must have something in common.
But we need a working solution in about five minutes.
But we need to continue our investigation.
But we never have to feel bad, either.
But we never left the caves.
But we overcame those ways, all except for the Gatherers.
But we saved four.
But we shouldn't ignore the possibilities, Wes.
But we still have alien symbols floating around on our computer.
But we try to co-exist peacefully with them.
But we weren't scanned by that probe.
But we will be visiting the hydroponics and astrophysics laboratories.
But we will finish it.
But we will reconstruct your memory.
But we won't let anyone harm you.
But we'd have to do that at the source.
But we'll be taking on new personnel at Starbase one eighteen in a few weeks.
But we'll still be friends, maybe better friends.
But we're a little less active.
But we're behind schedule for Parliament already.
But we're getting the bleeding under control.
But we're going to go to the holodeck.
But we're going to meet it.
But we're quite a distance from either of their territories.
But we're taking the trilithium with us.
But we've been on the outer rim for a while.
But we've got nitrium everywhere.
But we've got to complete our mission.
But we've isolated the specific areas to stimulate.
But we, we are the warriors.
But what I do is different.
But what I said was a statement of fact.
But what I saw was much bigger than a microbe.
But what a week.
But what about everyone else?
But what about me?
But what about the Hera?
But what about the things that Lore is proposing?
But what about the viewscreen?
But what about your wishes, your needs?
But what caused it is a mystery.
But what do the Pakleds want?
But what do you know about me?
But what does one do if he has no instinct and intuition?
But what happened to my memory?
But what have we seen instead?
But what if I were to tell you they all died?
But what if I'm wrong?
But what if it does, Counsellor?
But what if it is more than a mere discrepancy?
But what if it isn't a fantasy?
But what if it were to change?
But what if it's something really important.
But what if she doesn't want that future?
But what if they will never learn, Riker?
But what if we do the wrong thing, father?
But what if we fail?
But what if you had a nightmare?
But what if you're wrong?
But what is it doing on Prospero's Island?
But what is the answer to my challenge?
But what of the boy?
But what of your Lieutenant Yar?
But what of your own?
But what right do they have?
But what should I tell Lursa and B'Etor?
But what the hell.
But what would I say?
But what would the Breen be doing inside the Black Cluster?
But what would the Romulans want with you?
But what would you know of death?
But what you ask is impossible.
But what you have to understand is what is at stake here.
But what's going on there?
But whatever circumstances you encountered, why didn't you notify Starfleet?
But whatever decision you make, we will support it.
But whatever it is, I assure you it's no concern of mine.
But when Dad said not to follow him, it just made so much sense.
But when God wants to show its power, it can make itself felt most fully.
But when I die, I would like an honourable death.
But when I finished the autopsy, I hope I'll have it.
But when I pulled on one of those threads it unraveled the tapestry of my life.
But when I return, I want a more thorough explanation of all this.
But when I saw that storm coming toward us.
But when Katowa made his decision, it was final.
But when it was over I realised that a part of me missed it.
But when peace came to Vulcan, the resonator became useless.
But when the time is right we will deal with the Federation and Captain Picard.
But when they find out the truth?
But when we did, ha!
But when we encounter other beings in space, our people must be ready.
But when you did, was it believed necessary to do so?
But when you moved back toward me it got better.
But when you send someone out on a mission, all you can do is sit and watch.
But where are you from?
But where is this pattern of light coming from?
But where there should be cities there are only great rips in the surface.
But where will you end up?
But whether he's my son or not, he's in danger.
But who I choose to spend my free time with, that's my business.
But who are we?
But who do you think is causing the malfunction?
But who knows?
But who's behind it?
But who?
But why bring such a powerful weapon into the past?
But why did you have to hide yourself from us?
But why do you ask the question?
But why don't we talk about what really brought you here?
But why is this happening?
But why now, after twenty years?
But why now, suddenly.
But why the holodeck?
But why would a generator be affecting the Enterprise this way?
But why would anyone do this in the first place?
But why would they attack us in the first place?
But why, Worf?
But win, all right?
But wish one variation.
But with Lutan I felt something else.
But with Worf it was something else.
But with the chips erased, what evidence remained?
But with the image so perfect you'd have to touch the wall to know it was there.
But with this.
But with your help, I am learning.
But within acceptable limits.
But without antimatter, what difference does it make?
But without me you are not complete.
But would the message mean they have hydrogen or they want hydrogen?
But would we be any better off with him?
But you accepted this mission.
But you admire him?
But you all right though?
But you already see better than I can.
But you always say you like surprises, Mother.
But you are a young one.
But you are alone among humans.
But you are also the best pilot on the ship.
But you are correct.
But you are half human.
But you are in my custody, and that creates the dilemma.
But you are not Talarian.
But you are not a commonplace man.
But you are talking to us about it.
But you are the Picard!
But you are the only person with whom he has shown any connection.
But you became hostile.
But you believe he might have gone there to see Pardek?
But you can get used to it.
But you can have full use of the ship's computer to set up a comm.
But you can interact.
But you can't always go with your gut either.
But you can't be certain of that.
But you can't deny that you're still a dangerous, savage child race.
But you can't make someone love you.
But you couldn't.
But you did more at the world you just left.
But you did not bring irrefutable evidence.
But you did once?
But you didn't do this for yourself, you did it for him.
But you didn't, did you?
But you didn't.
But you do it.
But you do.
But you do?
But you don't deny it.
But you don't have feelings, do you?
But you don't trust me.
But you don't want to waste time talking to us.
But you don't.
But you expect me to trust you.
But you give me so much.
But you got that silver tongue by kissing the stone, right?
But you got through it.
But you had no right to do what you have done.
But you had the weapons and you used them.
But you have a Betazoid counsellor.
But you have given me more than I could have hoped.
But you have got a chance?
But you have just said there are only two challengers arriving.
But you have no place to go?
But you have nothing to give him.
But you have now committed what our laws regard as an attack upon us.
But you have restored my life.
But you have the practical experience, Wes.
But you have to agree.
But you have to.
But you have.
But you haven't told us the whole story.
But you implied that?
But you instruct your people they are guests.
But you know me better than you realise.
But you know that's impossible.
But you know what?
But you know, Number One, some relationships just can't work.
But you know, Worf, you're right.
But you know, son, I figured it was all just a bunch of hooey.
But you looked best of all in the desert on the holodeck when we did this.
But you might need me if you have to negotiate with Taris again.
But you must be prepared.
But you must discover it through your own performance, not by imitating others.
But you must do what you are destined to do.
But you must go, otherwise they'll kill him.
But you must promise never to tell anyone else.
But you must realise I am no longer a member of the High Council.
But you must still prove that.
But you mustn't compromise yourself.
But you needed his help at the concert.
But you never asked if I wanted it.
But you never think about the consequences of your acts.
But you paint.
But you said I did not register on your instrument.
But you said their sensors didn't work in this tunnel.
But you said there's still a way.
But you said yourself that this is only a possibility.
But you saw him there.
But you see no evidence of that.
But you see, there were no storm fronts in Kansas that day.
But you sent out a Mayday?
But you should not forget that you chose to accept the consequences of that lie.
But you should, Picard.
But you spell knife with a K.
But you still have to take calculus.
But you still know how to work it.
But you took Sovak's money.
But you tricked me to get it.
But you tried to keep that knowledge from us.
But you were afraid.
But you were afraid?
But you were right.
But you will destroy Lwaxana!
But you will grow accustomed to us.
But you will not ignore us.
But you will still be here.
But you will.
But you wish it had been more than just friendship, don't you?
But you won't have to if you just get out of here now.
But you won't last long banging into walls.
But you won't survive.
But you won't.
But you would rather stay and find out what it is?
But you wouldn't survive.
But you wouldn't want to hear about that.
But you'd never know it to see him.
But you'll agree it is enough to present to your leader.
But you'll be able to tell if it's worked by watching the stack.
But you'll do exactly what you want.
But you'll miss the Epsilon Pulsar survey.
But you'll probably be a doctor like your mother.
But you're a man who would never believe in ghosts, Picard.
But you're also ten years old.
But you're different, you're more vibrant.
But you're feeling a certain confusion about this mission.
But you're ignoring the fact that the power coupling is also damaged.
But you're just an android.
But you're looking at me.
But you're next of kin to chaos.
But you're not going to find any because I don't have any to give you.
But you're not human.
But you're not other men.
But you're putting your career at risk for him.
But you're right in something else.
But you're right.
But you're so sure it'll talk to you.
But you're still here.
But you're still holding Lwaxana Troi.
But you've already examined us.
But you've already given an answer to the inquiry, and that answer was a lie.
But you've been ill for a week.
But you've been to the future.
But you've cheated.
But you've got to believe me.
But you've never met your father before.
But you, Riker, and I remember you well, what do you make of my offer?
But you, you worked with her, side by side for days.
But your choice in that arpeggio was delightful.
But your designer may have had something else to prove as well.
But your fight with Sarek is over, Spock, and you have none with me.
But your heart rate is way up and your blood pressure's way above normal.
But your injections do not include an optical chip reader.
But your kindness and innocence are ageless.
But your life in the Federation would not be affected by this judgement.
But your sister and I want to have a private ceremony.
But your technique was flawed.
But your test hardly requires a long mission.
But your unannounced appearance might have unfortunate consequences.
But, Captain, as you can see, there is no incursion.
But, Captain, they kidnapped you.
But, Captain, what are we watching for?
But, Captain, will they not protest?
But, Command?
But, Doctor Soong was killed shortly afterward by the Crystalline Entity.
But, Gul Macet, I meant nothing.
But, Holmes!
But, I do know one marvellous thing we can do with rules.
But, Wes, I do kind of like them.
But, and I must be blunt, I cannot take no for an answer.
But, as a friend, please try to understand.
But, as deeply as you can feel hurt, you can also feel joy.
But, computer, blondes and jazz seldom go together.
But, if it helps you to know this, I failed the first time.
But, perhaps we should call it a night.
But, sir, they've been fired upon.
But, sir, we can get out.
But, sir, you don't do it yourself.
But, sir.
But, then again, what's done is done.
But, then, I guess that decency is the rule of your Starfleet training.
But, there's a problem.
But, they're not real.
But, what's important right now, today, is that you have a son who needs you.
But, your honour!
By Barclay.
By God, I knew you were a man of stripe.
By Klingon tradition, his family should share that disgrace.
By a force field.
By accessing available imagery, an adequate facsimile was possible.
By accident, sir.
By all indications, the Kes are a very unified, very progressive people.
By all means check the trace log.
By all means, Admiral.
By all means, Ambassador.
By all means, demonstrate your gifts of affection.
By all rights, this connection should blow all the shuttle's circuits.
By all rights, your body is already mine, but I want more.
By all the medical facts we know, he should never have walked again.
By analysing your psychological profile.
By artificially inflating them you made the experiment useless.
By betrayal.
By breaking any law.
By citing example.
By developing the awareness to examine and question your perceptions.
By doing what?
By easing his pain.
By emitting harmonic vibrations which will shatter the lattices.
By erasing short term recall?
By force.
By force?
By giving them guidelines.
By his choice.
By his own admission, Data is a machine.
By metaphor.
By midday tomorrow, your crew will be safely aboard their ship.
By missing that opportunity, you have left your king vulnerable.
By murdering us?
By my programme as well, Data.
By name.
By not separating the ship now, you may be responsible for all our deaths.
By not slitting their throats when we found them unconscious?
By now it must be obvious, even to you.
By now there's a pile of socks half a metre high.
By oh nine hundred hours.
By one hundred.
By order of Starfleet, I hereby take command of this vessel.
By order of the Captain, you are confined to Security.
By posing this challenge, you are a traitor.
By refusing to assist me, you left me with the same choice I had to began with.
By right and tradition, I am the sole leader.
By robbing her of her memories?
By sanctioning their false beliefs?
By taking off the blindfold?
By ten thousand.
By the Romulans?
By the same token, I don't think an android is a good choice to be captain.
By the shaking of the cities, and by the visions.
By the time Worf and I had reached the surface, the village was gone.
By the time the fleet is deployed, it will be too late.
By the time they get to me, they're always falling apart.
By the time we reach Parliament, Mister Singh.
By the time you get this the Batarael will be over.
By the way, I'm Wesley.
By the way, I'm looking forward to meeting your parents.
By the way, how did you lose yours anyway?
By the way, where is our new doctor?
By then our feelings for each other had changed.
By then, Junior may not need us any more.
By this time, you should be negotiating my price.
By tradition, the two strongest challengers fight for the right of succession.
By transporting your crew aboard my ship.
By treaty, that world still belongs to the Sheliak.
By using methods any reputable scientist would never employ.
By what right have you appointed yourself to this position?
By which Doctor Soong left proof behind that his experiment did work.
By whose authority?
By whose calculations?
By whose order?
By you and your staff.
By you.
By your calendar two thousand three hundred sixty four.
By your definition, is it alive?
Bye, Captain Okona.
Bye, Clara.
Bye, Isabella.
Bye, Mom.
Bye, bye, Hathaway.
Bye, bye.
Bye-bye, Michael.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Byleth was sent to experience antagonism.
Bypass computer control and place all systems on manual override.
Bypass the thrusters now.
Bypassing the manual override.
CMO Crusher, sir.
CO2 concentrations remain unchanged at upper elevations.
CPK levels are normal.
Cad, knave, rake, rascal, villain, wild element.
Cadet Hajar.
Cadet Haro.
Cadet, I asked you a question.
Cadet.
Cadmium selenide sulfide.
Cake?
Calamarain attacking.
Calamarain resuming attack.
Calamarain.
Calculating it, sir.
Calder Two isn't just another archaeological site, you know.
Caldos Colony is a most impressive accomplishment.
Calibrate the scanner to pick up tetryon particles.
Call Doctor Selar and Doctor Hacopian.
Call a conference in my quarters.
Call again tomorrow.
Call an exterminator.
Call her back.
Call him Hutch.
Call it a theory, all right?
Call it an old Earth tradition, habit of the beasts, whatever.
Call it what you will.
Call me Dix.
Call me Grandpa.
Call me Hutch.
Call me Scotty.
Call me if you need anything.
Call off your attack or we will be forced to engage you.
Call off your attack.
Call out distances.
Call the others in, please.
Call up his military record.
Call up subspace design logs.
Call up the cross-section of computer core processor four five one.
Call up the intelligence scan of Spock on Romulus.
Call your ship.
Call your shot.
Called Renny.
Called you vile names, and you knew not why.
Callimas at Bahar.
Calling the Pagh.
Calling the Taris Murn.
Calm, calm, stay calm.
Calmness, serenity, tranquillity.
Calvin Hutchinson.
Calvin, awful name, I've never forgiven my parents.
Campfires, Data.
Campio is from a different planet with different traditions.
Campio, may I present my daughter?
Campio?
Can I ask what that mission is, sir?
Can I ask you a question about the Bynars?
Can I ask you a question?
Can I ask you something?
Can I be an officer, too?
Can I do some more?
Can I do something for you, Counsellor?
Can I do something to help?
Can I get out of here now?
Can I get you a drink or something.
Can I get you a drink?
Can I get you anything?
Can I get you some coffee?
Can I get you something to drink?
Can I get you something, Tasha?
Can I give you a hand here?
Can I go now, Doc?
Can I have a Starfleet uniform?
Can I have a glass of water?
Can I have a minute?
Can I have an order of Ongilin caviar.
Can I help you with somethin?
Can I help you, Captain?
Can I help you, Counsellor?
Can I help you, Mister Picard?
Can I help you, gentlemen?
Can I help you, sir?
Can I help?
Can I see a police record on Roga Danar?
Can I share something important with you?
Can I take a moment of your time, Lieutenant?
Can I take that as a compliment?
Can I talk to you for a moment?
Can I walk with you?
Can Isabella come too?
Can a place so remarkable truly exist?
Can any of you suggest any other suspects?
Can anyone else over there do it?
Can anyone hear me?
Can he handle a bat'leth?
Can he talk?
Can isolate what, sir?
Can it be possible they know what they're doing?
Can it be repaired, at least enough to access the database?
Can it be repaired?
Can it be that Aldea's ozone layer has been weakened?
Can it be that simple?
Can it wait?
Can one enter your world and return to this one simply by stepping through?
Can somebody get me a napkin?
Can the old form still be used?
Can the sensors locate anything?
Can there be an intelligence at work here?
Can they beam out to the planet?
Can they get me out of it again?
Can this really work?
Can this tell me what's happened to them?
Can this theory be proven?
Can we access it from here?
Can we actually talk to them yet?
Can we assist you in any way?
Can we be of any further assistance?
Can we beam down an away team through one of those holes?
Can we beam one over?
Can we build something else later?
Can we come in?
Can we compensate?
Can we confine our discussion to facts?
Can we dance once before you leave?
Can we decode it?
Can we disengage the pulse?
Can we do it, Geordi?
Can we establish communication?
Can we force them open?
Can we get a general status report?
Can we get a visual?
Can we get more power to the shields?
Can we get the shuttles close enough without danger?
Can we get this over with, please?
Can we get through it?
Can we get to Engineering?
Can we get within transporter range without crossing into Cardassian territory?
Can we go back to Earth some day?
Can we go now?
Can we go to warp speed?
Can we have that done before we arrive?
Can we help them?
Can we isolate the voices?
Can we just get this over with.
Can we know who's on board?
Can we meet again tomorrow?
Can we modify the subspace isolators to give us better protection?
Can we move the ship?
Can we navigate around these fragments?
Can we open fire?
Can we predict the timing?
Can we reach it?
Can we reactivate it?
Can we render assistance?
Can we risk going in there to get them out?
Can we see the battle bridge and torpedo bay?
Can we send a shuttlecraft to evacuate them?
Can we speak to Data directly or would that wake him up?
Can we still beam the affected sections out into space?
Can we still do things together, even if I'm not really an android?
Can we stop it?
Can we switch the input?
Can we talk to him?
Can we talk with our children?
Can we talk?
Can we tighten the pattern further?
Can we tractor them out?
Can we transport him out of there?
Can we transport through the interference?
Can we transport without the pattern enhancers?
Can we use our sensors to find them?
Can we use that to our advantage somehow?
Can you accept the logic of continuing this mission?
Can you access it?
Can you access the starboard manifold thrust?
Can you afford not to act?
Can you amplify the pheromones?
Can you arrange that?
Can you ask it to return with us to Federation space?
Can you at least show us a way into the compound?
Can you be more specific about the table?
Can you be more specific, Counsellor?
Can you be still?
Can you believe that?
Can you believe the nerve of that guy?
Can you believe this smell?
Can you blame us for not wanting to give it up?
Can you boost the level of your power source?
Can you bring her back?
Can you bring her out of it?
Can you bring the programme online?
Can you build one?
Can you calibrate their destination?
Can you clean that up, Mister Worf?
Can you climb up?
Can you come to Sickbay immediately?
Can you communicate with him, Data?
Can you communicate?
Can you compensate?
Can you continue?
Can you control him enough to question him?
Can you correct for it?
Can you correct the problem?
Can you counter the effect?
Can you create the particles?
Can you deal me in?
Can you decode it?
Can you describe where you were, what it looked like?
Can you detect any theta-band subspace emissions coming from Celtris?
Can you determine how long they've been gone from the shuttlecraft?
Can you determine what happened?
Can you determine which of the comm.
Can you divert more power to the containment field?
Can you do it from here?
Can you do the modifications?
Can you do the same thing with the Enterprise?
Can you ease the pain?
Can you establish a DNA reading?
Can you estimate the number of jumps it will take?
Can you explain it, Picard?
Can you explain now what he was after?
Can you explain why they're pulling us along with them?
Can you filter out the extraneous information?
Can you find them?
Can you finish by then?
Can you fix it?
Can you get a fix on the Captain?
Can you get a fix on the Fleming?
Can you get a lock on the away team?
Can you get any playback at all?
Can you get us home?
Can you give me more power to the shields?
Can you give us an idea of its heading?
Can you give us any more, Geordi?
Can you give us some explanation?
Can you go in and get her back?
Can you handle that?
Can you hear me, Mister Worf?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear us now?
Can you help her?
Can you help me get out of here?
Can you help me with my terminal?
Can you help us locate him?
Can you help us?
Can you identify it, Mister Data?
Can you identify the class of these ships, Mister Worf?
Can you identify the coordinates, Mister Worf?
Can you identify the origin of the infection, Doctor?
Can you identify the problem?
Can you identify them, Vigo?
Can you identify them?
Can you identify whoever or whatever you are?
Can you image its gratitude when I give it the life on this vessel?
Can you imagine an old enlisted man like me raising a boy to be an officer?
Can you imagine how he feels?
Can you imagine how that felt?
Can you imagine if it was your father?
Can you imagine that dreadful little creature talking to me like that?
Can you imagine that?
Can you imagine the effect?
Can you imagine the engineering skills needed to even design such a structure?
Can you increase phaser power?
Can you isolate one of them and magnify?
Can you join us on the Bridge?
Can you localise the source of the gravitational field?
Can you locate it, Worf?
Can you locate the Krayton?
Can you locate the shuttle?
Can you locate them?
Can you lock on to her coordinates?
Can you lock on to the exocomps?
Can you make balso tonic?
Can you make contact?
Can you make it go?
Can you make our ship go?
Can you make the adjustments on the visor by yourself?
Can you match these stars to our charts?
Can you modify an emergency beacon to operate on UV?
Can you move us again?
Can you narrow the focus of the scan to pinpoint the locations?
Can you not remember the crime you committed against my very blood?
Can you not see what you are doing?
Can you open a channel?
Can you open that?
Can you override?
Can you pass through things like bulkheads?
Can you postulate an explanation for the discrepancy?
Can you predict how long this has been in the cavern?
Can you provide more information, sir?
Can you put us on the bridge?
Can you read it?
Can you recommend a way to counter the effect?
Can you release it?
Can you remember anything specific about us?
Can you remember what shape it was?
Can you repair them?
Can you report to Ambassador Alkar's quarters?
Can you reverse the process?
Can you scan that section of the Pegasus?
Can you scan the drive section?
Can you see his face?
Can you see if those clamps are attached to long beams inside big grooves?
Can you see the scratches?
Can you see two big clamps?
Can you see?
Can you sense anything, Counsellor?
Can you shed any light on this?
Can you short out the power?
Can you show me the location of our other ships?
Can you smell it?
Can you spare Worf?
Can you speak to it?
Can you stay and talk?
Can you still sense my thoughts?
Can you stop it, Doctor?
Can you strengthen the graviton pulse?
Can you tell if it was built by the Borg?
Can you tell if she's inside?
Can you tell me what manoeuvre this is?
Can you tell me where my ship is?
Can you tell us what happened to its navigational deflector?
Can you tell us what it is?
Can you tell us your name?
Can you tell what's there?
Can you tell?
Can you think of any reason a saboteur would choose tricyanate?
Can you track the source?
Can you translate it?
Can you treat him?
Can you treat it?
Can you understand how that feels?
Can you understand me?
Can you use it to scan the interior of the anomaly?
Can you waken him?
Can you write it out?
Can you?
Can't I get you something to ease your suffering?
Can't I?
Can't be certain where it's originating.
Can't be helped.
Can't do that.
Can't even tell his boys apart.
Can't get a communication channel.
Can't get my left leg to work.
Can't go.
Can't maintain it much longer, Commander.
Can't run?
Can't seem to fix it.
Can't someone else take his place?
Can't they go to local authorities?
Can't we be reasonable?
Can't we block them?
Can't we just try and have a good time here?
Can't you accept me as I am?
Can't you can keep an eye on me from over there?
Can't you do simple arithmetic?
Can't you do something for him?
Can't you enhance the frequency?
Can't you feel how worried they are?
Can't you feel it?
Can't you fly yourself around a couple of rocks?
Can't you hear it?
Can't you intensify that emotion?
Can't you just get us permission to cross the border?
Can't you just turn on the kid's computer in schoolroom eight?
Can't you leave the hatred behind, too?
Can't you see I'm trying to to help this little lady?
Can't you see he's trying to deceive us?
Can't you see how much better it will be for you right here?
Can't you see how that helps me?
Can't you see that's a flower bed?
Can't you see the potential here?
Can't you see they're here to help us?
Can't you see they're human?
Can't you see this is hurting my husband?
Can't you see who it is, Captain?
Can't you stay here with us?
Can't you think of some excuse to get out of it?
Can't you think of something other way to make yourself angry.
Can't you understand?
Can't.
Canadian.
Cancel Red Alert.
Cancel Red alert, Lieutenant.
Cancel auto-destruct.
Cancel everything till after lunch.
Cancel inquiry.
Cancel message.
Cancel override protocol.
Cancel programme.
Cancel separation sequence.
Cancel the parade?
Cancel the request.
Cancel them.
Cancel.
Cancelled the wedding?
Candidates, thank you.
Candour seems to be a trait he admires.
Candy see the wise.
Cannot leave the twin.
Cannot.
Capable of sub-light travel only.
Capable of transporting over six thousand troops.
Capers.
Capsule?
Captain , something seemed to move us aside at the last minute.
Captain Benjamin Maxwell.
Captain Bok has just made me aware of it, Riker.
Captain Conklin did a poetry reading, if you can imagine that.
Captain Debin.
Captain Dirgo of the shuttlecraft Nenebek.
Captain Dirgo, will you bring up the rear?
Captain Dirgo, will you lead the way?
Captain Dirgo, you're an able pilot.
Captain Endar requests an open channel, sir.
Captain Endar's claim that Jeremiah Rossa is his son is clearly unacceptable.
Captain Endar, last night Jono attacked me with a dagger.
Captain Garrett is dead.
Captain Garrett says there were four Romulan warbirds.
Captain Garrett, damage report.
Captain Garrett.
Captain Garrett?
Captain Jean Luc Picard, Lieutenant Commander Dexter Remmick.
Captain Jean Luc Picard, you lead the strongest ship of the Federation fleet.
Captain Jean Luc Picard.
Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation Starship Enterprise.
Captain Jean-Luc Picard, Admiral Erik Pressman.
Captain Jellico has made major changes in every department on the ship.
Captain K'Temoc, have you lost your mind?
Captain K'Vada to Picard.
Captain K'Vada, is this the Captain's quarters, or my own?
Captain Kushell, what crime has Okona allegedly committed against you?
Captain L.I.
Captain La Forge has disappeared along with the rest of her crew.
Captain Louvois has requested my presence at those discussions.
Captain Louvois will be compelled to hold a hearing.
Captain Louvois.
Captain Maxwell always liked that song.
Captain Maxwell, you have disobeyed a direct order.
Captain Montgomery Scott.
Captain Okona at your service, sir.
Captain Okona has not responded, sir.
Captain Okona, if you follow Commander Data, you can get started right away.
Captain Okona, shut down your engines.
Captain Patches is coming in for a landing on the sofa!
Captain Patches, an alien ship on the surface.
Captain Picard Day is one of the children's favourite school activities.
Captain Picard Day?
Captain Picard Lieutenant Worf and I have been working well together.
Captain Picard and Ambassador Kell.
Captain Picard approved my request for transfer.
Captain Picard asked me to arrange a ceremony that was appropriate.
Captain Picard asked me where you were.
Captain Picard called me to the Enterprise.
Captain Picard could be dead by then.
Captain Picard did the only thing he could.
Captain Picard does not lie.
Captain Picard doesn't know anything.
Captain Picard has every right to be curious.
Captain Picard has signalled for you to beam up immediately.
Captain Picard is correct.
Captain Picard is familiar with that, Data.
Captain Picard is in Ten Forward.
Captain Picard is in Transporter room three.
Captain Picard is located on the main Bridge.
Captain Picard is no longer aboard the Enterprise.
Captain Picard is on holodeck three.
Captain Picard is safely aboard.
Captain Picard made has some inquiries.
Captain Picard may not like them, but he knows they turn up from time to time.
Captain Picard ordered me to escort you to Sickbay, Lieutenant.
Captain Picard sends his birthday wishes.
Captain Picard talks to me.
Captain Picard to Ensign Ro.
Captain Picard to the Bridge!
Captain Picard to the Bridge.
Captain Picard wanted no risk of our communications being overheard.
Captain Picard was gone.
Captain Picard was not acting under my orders.
Captain Picard was ordered to take him aboard.
Captain Picard will be very relieved.
Captain Picard will not comply.
Captain Picard will see you on the Battle Bridge.
Captain Picard wishes to see you on the Bridge.
Captain Picard!
Captain Picard's bioscan readings are stable.
Captain Picard's death is a loss to the entire Federation.
Captain Picard's fate is still unknown.
Captain Picard's put his life at stake for others many times.
Captain Picard's wrong.
Captain Picard, I am Orta.
Captain Picard, I demand that you see me.
Captain Picard, I find your argument illogical.
Captain Picard, I had no idea.
Captain Picard, I hardly expected to see you again so soon.
Captain Picard, I have one last request.
Captain Picard, I hope I didn't disturb you.
Captain Picard, I must ask you to trust me on this.
Captain Picard, I presume?
Captain Picard, I've thought about this a lot.
Captain Picard, Mother.
Captain Picard, are you going to let them kill me?
Captain Picard, at last.
Captain Picard, come in.
Captain Picard, could I see you a moment?
Captain Picard, have you made your decision?
Captain Picard, if you interfere with us, we will fire upon you as well.
Captain Picard, if you'll go with the guards, they'll take care of you.
Captain Picard, is there someplace we might speak together without distraction?
Captain Picard, listen to me.
Captain Picard, meet Captain Rixx.
Captain Picard, my apologies.
Captain Picard, please accept my sincere thanks on behalf the Romulan Empire.
Captain Picard, please come to Sickbay.
Captain Picard, please report to the Bridge.
Captain Picard, priority message from security officer, Klingon vessel Bortas.
Captain Picard, right?.
Captain Picard, sir, we can't leave our animals here to die.
Captain Picard, so good of you to meet us.
Captain Picard, this is Minuet.
Captain Picard, this is Thadium Okona.
Captain Picard, we agree to your proposal.
Captain Picard, we're ready to receive the prisoner.
Captain Picard, we've arrived at Ornara and assumed standard orbit.
Captain Picard, welcome to Romulus.
Captain Picard, what a delightful surprise.
Captain Picard, what happened?
Captain Picard, what is your situation?
Captain Picard, you are now relieved from duty.
Captain Picard, you can understand that we are sceptical.
Captain Picard, you have our offer.
Captain Picard, you shouldn't have come.
Captain Picard, your vessel is not familiar to us.
Captain Riker has never lost.
Captain Riker, we can carry out your repairs immediately.
Captain Riker.
Captain Scott is unaware of the existence of synthehol.
Captain Scott, Lieutenant Worf.
Captain Scott.
Captain Shumar, how do you intend to achieve this rest that you so desire?
Captain Shumar, when are you going to tell me who you really are?
Captain Shumar.
Captain T'Jon doesn't sound like he cares one way or the other.
Captain T'Jon go to your transporter room.
Captain T'Jon, are you there?
Captain Talmadge of the Dorian.
Captain Telaka was my age, sir.
Captain Telaka, this is Picard of the Enterprise.
Captain Thomas Halloway.
Captain Varley died believing that it was.
Captain Walter Granger, commanding.
Captain from First Officer.
Captain from Transporter Room.
Captain let them die like Klingons, in battle.
Captain manoeuvring thrusters are not responding.
Captain this is incredible.
Captain to Bridge.
Captain to CMO.
Captain to First Officer.
Captain to Riker, stand by.
Captain to Security, come in!
Captain to Transporter Room.
Captain to away team.
Captain to the Bridge.
Captain to.
Captain!
Captain's Log, stardate 43198.7.
Captain's Log, supplemental.
Captain's Log.
Captain's eyes only.
Captain's log supplemental.
Captain's log, Supplemental.
Captain's log, supplementary.
Captain's log.
Captain's lot, supplemental.
Captain's mess?
Captain's orders too.
Captain's personal log, stardate 41776.1.
Captain's personal log, stardate 42779.5.
Captain's personal log, stardate 45025.4.
Captain's prerogative.
Captain, Ambassador Alkar is at the negotiation table and cannot be disturbed.
Captain, Bre'el Four is hailing us.
Captain, Captain, sir.
Captain, Chief O'Brien was Maxwell's Tactical officer.
Captain, Clara has told me that her imaginary friend has been making threats.
Captain, Commander Data and I have the situation under control.
Captain, Commander Riker's injury was not accidental.
Captain, Commander Riker's shuttle has just returned.
Captain, Commander.
Captain, DaiMon Goss is demanding to know where his men are.
Captain, Data has found something interesting.
Captain, Data's going down to join you down there.
Captain, Data's gone ahead.
Captain, Data's noticed something that's too strange to be a coincidence.
Captain, Doctor Brahms and I have a plan.
Captain, Federation Starship Enterprise.
Captain, Ferengi sensors are still online.
Captain, Geordi is trying a neutrino infusion.
Captain, Gomtuu knows that the star will go nova soon.
Captain, Governor Vagh has signalled he is ready to meet with you.
Captain, I always preferred working alone.
Captain, I am Chairman Songi of Gamelan Four.
Captain, I am a powerless man.
Captain, I am detecting a massive earthquake on the surface.
Captain, I am detecting a ship in the Neutral Zone.
Captain, I am detecting a temporal disturbance intersecting the table.
Captain, I am detecting a transmission emanating from within the system.
Captain, I am detecting an unusual reading.
Captain, I am detecting some unusual fluctuations in subspace frequencies.
Captain, I am frightened but I can't leave Rana, even if it means my life.
Captain, I am not certain I fully understand this Prospero character.
Captain, I am picking up a general distress signal from Gamelan Five.
Captain, I am picking up a vessel directly ahead.
Captain, I am picking up an unusual disturbance in a nearby quadrant.
Captain, I am picking up another signal, but it is not from the planet.
Captain, I am picking up power emissions from the Ferengi ship.
Captain, I am picking up power emissions from the Fleming.
Captain, I am picking up subspace distortion.
Captain, I am reading a large resonance signature directly ahead.
Captain, I am reading a massive energy fluctuation in the planet's atmosphere.
Captain, I am reading a power surge.
Captain, I am reading seismic instability in the area.
Captain, I am receiving a message from the ship carrying the Trill host.
Captain, I am receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command.
Captain, I am sorry to interrupt.
Captain, I am sure the Seronians have re-activated their security field.
Captain, I am taking the warp-coil engines offline.
Captain, I am trying to put life back into a wounded body with sleight of hand.
Captain, I am unable to get a positive lock with the tractor beam.
Captain, I appreciate the opportunity you're giving us.
Captain, I assure you that every alternative has been explored.
Captain, I assure you.
Captain, I believe I have a partial explanation.
Captain, I believe I have found the cause of the power surge.
Captain, I believe it to be in all best interests if I remain on board.
Captain, I believe that would place the Doctor at risk.
Captain, I believe the crew is de-evolving.
Captain, I believe this is an information storage device.
Captain, I believe this object is an informational archive.
Captain, I believe we could use the phasers to cut our way out.
Captain, I believe we have found the source of the radiation.
Captain, I believe we should decontaminate this room before getting underway.
Captain, I believe we're headed for transporter room three.
Captain, I believe we've found the problem, but it really doesn't make sense.
Captain, I believe we've have the answer to what happened over there.
Captain, I can't hold it any longer.
Captain, I did not come here to undermine this mission.
Captain, I disagree.
Captain, I do not believe it was meant as an attack, but rather as a message.
Captain, I do not want to forget that I am Hugh.
Captain, I don't know what this vortex was that Doctor Crusher saw.
Captain, I don't know who to trust anymore.
Captain, I don't think I understand what you're telling me.
Captain, I don't think there's any record of an Earth colony in that area.
Captain, I don't understand.
Captain, I find myself changing my mind about you.
Captain, I finished examining Data.
Captain, I get no payment, I have no power base, no agenda.
Captain, I give you my word.
Captain, I have a hypothesis.
Captain, I have a new transmission on a parallel frequency to the distress call.
Captain, I have a schematic of the explosion site.
Captain, I have a star fix.
Captain, I have a suggestion.
Captain, I have a visual identification of Senator Pardek of Romulus.
Captain, I have an idea.
Captain, I have analysed Nurse Ogawa's embryo.
Captain, I have attempted to trace the message Remmick was sending.
Captain, I have been considering the problem of the missing ship.
Captain, I have been pursuing the investigation of Lieutenant J'Dan.
Captain, I have come to officially request asylum aboard The Enterprise.
Captain, I have complete confidence in your ability to represent my interests.
Captain, I have completed the spectral evaluation of the outer shell.
Captain, I have determined how Moriarty was able to leave the holodeck.
Captain, I have established motive, method and opportunity.
Captain, I have identified the signal.
Captain, I have intercepted what appears to be a distress signal.
Captain, I have reviewed and stored five distinct signing languages.
Captain, I have something I'd like to report.
Captain, I have the casualty list coming on screen.
Captain, I have to go back inside my mother's mind.
Captain, I have to take the ship into the lower atmosphere.
Captain, I hope you realise what you've done to us.
Captain, I just wondered if there's anything you wanted to talk about.
Captain, I know the routine.
Captain, I know you're supposed to give your evaluation to Starfleet today.
Captain, I made that request two days ago.
Captain, I must accept responsibility for this.
Captain, I must choose another cha'DIch.
Captain, I must request permission to send another officer.
Captain, I must speak to you privately now.
Captain, I need to run some additional tests.
Captain, I need to see that pretty little Doctor of yours.
Captain, I note your defensive systems have been activated.
Captain, I object to being called here.
Captain, I request a leave of absence.
Captain, I request a transfer to the Enterprise-C.
Captain, I see no reason to return the Romulan to his ship.
Captain, I seek only transportation in order to see and experience your reality.
Captain, I sense considerable deception on Bok's part.
Captain, I show the Constantinople in that general vicinity.
Captain, I strongly recommend against anyone from this ship beaming over.
Captain, I strongly recommend that we go to Red Alert.
Captain, I suggest we adjourn.
Captain, I suggest we move to a safer location.
Captain, I suggest we take the ship to full impulse.
Captain, I sure hope you're right.
Captain, I take great exception to your decision to beam down.
Captain, I think I'm going to need a full briefing before we go any further.
Captain, I think Mrs.
Captain, I think it's that lack of information that this is all about.
Captain, I think there's been a slight miscommunication.
Captain, I think this is going to work, but it's going to take some time.
Captain, I think we can do it.
Captain, I think we could adapt the cloak for the Enterprise.
Captain, I think we should ask Data to spend some time with him.
Captain, I think we should go back to the house and call your doctor
Captain, I think you did the right thing.
Captain, I think you had better see this.
Captain, I think you should reconsider.
Captain, I trust there will be no further action taken against us?
Captain, I trust you won't mind if we're present while you open the cargo.
Captain, I want you in Sickbay.
Captain, I want you to know that I really appreciate your recommending me.
Captain, I was told you could not attend.
Captain, I wasn't expecting you here.
Captain, I will be standing by to assist you if needed.
Captain, I will need a few minutes to attend to a personal matter.
Captain, I will not be coming with you.
Captain, I will see to it that she is not in the way.
Captain, I wish to submit myself for disciplinary action.
Captain, I would like to remind you of our concert this evening in Ten Forward.
Captain, I'd like permission to put the boy in a shuttlecraft.
Captain, I'd like to announce the birth of a large baby something.
Captain, I'd like to go down with him.
Captain, I'd like to go to the holodeck.
Captain, I'll have to be placed under arrest as well.
Captain, I'm concerned about Beverly.
Captain, I'm concerned our new passengers.
Captain, I'm going for a walk in the arboretum.
Captain, I'm in the middle of realigning the dilithium crystals.
Captain, I'm losing you.
Captain, I'm not convinced Riker knew of any plot against us.
Captain, I'm not really dressed for a reception.
Captain, I'm picking up a bogey coming in on a five o'clock tangent.
Captain, I'm picking up a forcefield out there of some kind.
Captain, I'm picking up a minor subspace disturbance off the port bow.
Captain, I'm picking up a tachyon surge.
Captain, I'm picking up something directly ahead.
Captain, I'm reading a transmission from the Entity.
Captain, I'm reading laser activity on the Solais Five.
Captain, I'm receiving a call from Ornara.
Captain, I'm receiving an audio signal.
Captain, I'm recording a distortion in quadrant one, mark nine zero.
Captain, I'm right here.
Captain, I'm sensing a powerful mind.
Captain, I'm sensing something from the holodeck.
Captain, I'm sorry to disturb you.
Captain, I'm sure you have everything under control.
Captain, I'm switching on the transmitter.
Captain, I'm your Counsellor.
Captain, I've been inspecting the Egg for the last twenty years.
Captain, I've completed my data uplink.
Captain, I've decided not to leave.
Captain, I've got something here.
Captain, I've got you.
Captain, I've heard this theory before.
Captain, I've just seen the away team report about Wesley.
Captain, I've located the homing signal.
Captain, I've picked up the Enterprise.
Captain, Kate knew what she was doing.
Captain, Korris is in main Engineering.
Captain, Lieutenant Commander Data here.
Captain, Lieutenant La Forge here.
Captain, Lieutenant Ro's ship is not retreating with the others.
Captain, McKinley Station is signalling.
Captain, Mister Tarmin gave us a demonstration of his abilities this afternoon.
Captain, Mom, will you excuse us please?
Captain, Nuria is alone.
Captain, Romulan ships use a forced quantum singularity as a power source.
Captain, Romulan warbird decloaking to starboard.
Captain, Saucer Section reports six more children are gone.
Captain, Starfleet Academy is requesting an update on our estimated arrival.
Captain, Starfleet Command is hailing us.
Captain, Starfleet places the highest priority on the success of this mission.
Captain, USS Enterprise.
Captain, Worf is entering the fissure.
Captain, Worf's discommendation makes that very awkward.
Captain, a Bajoran ship is approaching.
Captain, a Klingon attack cruiser decloaking off the starboard bow.
Captain, a distress call from Professor Galen's shuttle.
Captain, a major storm front is moving in on the away team's coordinates.
Captain, a phaser is missing.
Captain, a quantity of medical supplies was beamed from cargo bay seven.
Captain, a radiation field is going to flood this chamber.
Captain, a shuttlecraft has left bay two.
Captain, a suggestion.
Captain, acknowledge.
Captain, additional subharmonics have appeared.
Captain, affirmative response from station Lya Four.
Captain, all systems are back under helm control.
Captain, allow me to present Special Federation Emissary K'Ehleyr.
Captain, an energy field has appeared between our position and the planet.
Captain, an energy field is forming around the device.
Captain, an unscheduled launch is taking place in Shuttlebay two.
Captain, an unscheduled shuttle has just been launched.
Captain, another probe has materialised five hundred kilometres to starboard.
Captain, another ship decloaking bearing two one five mark three one oh.
Captain, anything further?
Captain, approaching Starbase one three three.
Captain, are we talking about breaking up a family?
Captain, are you asking my permission?
Captain, as far as I'm concerned, he disappeared a long time ago.
Captain, as you are new to this century, I have tried to be patient.
Captain, at least allow me to present my argument.
Captain, atmospheric dissipation has accelerated over the past several hours.
Captain, both primary and reserve power has been drained from the shuttle.
Captain, can I see you in your Ready Room?
Captain, come in please.
Captain, confirming class M reading there.
Captain, could I speak with you please?
Captain, could you come to Engineering right away?
Captain, could you give me a third alternative?
Captain, could you tell us just what happened on Stardate 44390?
Captain, deflectors are being hit by a huge burst of X-rays.
Captain, density appears to be lower off the starboard bow.
Captain, did you perform an autopsy against my wishes?
Captain, did you request a course correction?
Captain, do not make this more difficult than it needs to be.
Captain, do you believe in the Prime Directive?
Captain, do you exist in combination with this entity?
Captain, do you have a moment?
Captain, do you hear me?
Captain, do you know what they've done with the younger children?
Captain, do you know what year this is?
Captain, drop the shields.
Captain, energy loss increasing to five percent.
Captain, estimated rendezvous with the shuttle in one hour and ten minutes.
Captain, excuse me.
Captain, father, Jean-Luc, I don't know what I'm supposed to call you.
Captain, for the sake of your crew, let me go before this happens again.
Captain, forward velocity is down by point six percent.
Captain, getting unusual readings now from the dwarf star.
Captain, gravitational wavefront intensity is increasing steadily.
Captain, have you any idea what has just happened?
Captain, he could be leading us into a trap.
Captain, he doesn't understand you.
Captain, he has a phaser aimed directly at the dilithium crystal chamber.
Captain, he has deceived us.
Captain, he is dangerous!
Captain, he needs an attitude adjustment.
Captain, he's lying.
Captain, he's unbalanced the dilithium reaction.
Captain, he's up to something.
Captain, hear me!
Captain, how believable do you find that crystal thing?
Captain, how long have you been in command of this freighter?
Captain, human life form readings from the planet.
Captain, if Geordi has transformed, he may be virtually a chameleon.
Captain, if I could get to the myographic scanner.
Captain, if I may recommend?
Captain, if I may, I'll ask Counsellor Troi to look these visitors over.
Captain, if he is still alive, he needs medical attention.
Captain, if this hadn't worked?
Captain, if we increase to warp seven we can be there in twenty three minutes.
Captain, if we miss our chance now, we don't get another for two centuries.
Captain, if you mean my socialising with the members of the crew?
Captain, if you're right.
Captain, impulse power has been disrupted.
Captain, incoming message from Admiral Nakamura.
Captain, incoming message from DaiMon Birta.
Captain, incoming message from the New Berlin Colony.
Captain, incoming message.
Captain, incoming signal.
Captain, incoming transmission from Mintaka Three.
Captain, is everything all right?
Captain, is it worth it, to go to war over a child?
Captain, is there a specific area you wish me to study?
Captain, it appears to be working.
Captain, it has gone.
Captain, it is beginning to generate a verteron field.
Captain, it is following us.
Captain, it is not in the same sector, but another opening has appeared.
Captain, it is not our wish to obstruct you.
Captain, it is the stationary beacon we just released.
Captain, it is vitally important that my orders be followed exactly.
Captain, it must be stopped!
Captain, it really is quite late.
Captain, it would that we have found the quantum signature you are looking for.
Captain, it's enormous.
Captain, it's good to see you again.
Captain, it's happening again.
Captain, it's not allowed.
Captain, it's not like I haven't tried.
Captain, it's not only hard to accept, with Data it's impossible.
Captain, it's the shuttlecraft.
Captain, leave our house.
Captain, let me ask you again.
Captain, let me ask you this.
Captain, let me come with you to greet Tam.
Captain, let me go to the holodeck and try and talk to him.
Captain, let me talk to him.
Captain, let us begin discussions regarding appropriate compensation.
Captain, long range sensors detect three Romulan warbirds entering this sector.
Captain, long range sensors indicate another vessel approaching this area.
Captain, look.
Captain, magnetic seals in the antimatter chamber are decaying!
Captain, main Engineering is ready to proceed .
Captain, manoeuvreing thrusters are not responding.
Captain, may I have a word with my son?
Captain, may I have a word with you in private?
Captain, may I see you privately for a few moments?
Captain, may I see you?
Captain, may I speak frankly?
Captain, may I speak to her?
Captain, may I speak to you alone?
Captain, may I speak with you a moment in private?
Captain, may I speak with you in private?
Captain, may I speak with you?
Captain, may I talk with you in private?
Captain, may I tell you how I've spent the last four years?
Captain, may we speak in private?
Captain, maybe not acting is what causes the destruction of mankind.
Captain, message coming in from Starfleet monitor stations.
Captain, message coming in from Tagra Four.
Captain, mind if I join you?
Captain, my complaint was registered first.
Captain, my console seems to be overloading.
Captain, my patient is more coherent.
Captain, my respects.
Captain, my sensors indicate a disturbance.
Captain, my ships are leaving orbit for Romulan space.
Captain, my species is on the verge of a wondrous evolutionary change.
Captain, no one has ever reversed engines at this velocity.
Captain, no one recovers from Iverson's Disease.
Captain, number four shield has failed.
Captain, our orders were to destroy all Lysian warships.
Captain, our sensors are being severely affected by the sun flares.
Captain, our sensors show no Federation starship nearby.
Captain, our situation has worsened since my husband and I first contacted you.
Captain, our species cannot bear captivity.
Captain, perhaps if we understood your thinking, if you could explain
Captain, perhaps there are a few things we should talk about.
Captain, perhaps we should delay transporting to the surface.
Captain, perhaps you should look at this.
Captain, permission to beam down to Drema Four.
Captain, permission to leave the Bridge.
Captain, permission to leave the bridge.
Captain, permission to observe the interrogation?
Captain, phasers are set for wide dispersal, ten percent maximum power.
Captain, picking up a decrease in infra-red intensity.
Captain, please come to the Bridge.
Captain, please take me back to Ramatis.
Captain, please, we should listen to them.
Captain, possible life signs.
Captain, reading another open access panel.
Captain, readings correspond with the findings of the probe.
Captain, recommend that you do not let him roam the ship freely.
Captain, recommend we try to destroy the hologram generations themselves.
Captain, request permission to board on the Yamato with an away team.
Captain, request permission to lead an away team.
Captain, request permission to leave the Bridge.
Captain, scanners indicate two Kaelon warships rising on an intercept course.
Captain, seen this?
Captain, sensors are picking up a cloud of energetic plasma.
Captain, sensors are picking up a new energy reading from the life form.
Captain, sensors are picking up an increased energy output from the Calamarain.
Captain, sensors can locate no debris from the Romulan ship.
Captain, sensors detect two more Federation shuttlecraft on the planet surface.
Captain, sensors have located the transport ship.
Captain, sensors indicate a disturbance in sector one zero eight.
Captain, sensors indicate a disturbance near the outpost on Melona Four.
Captain, sensors indicate a planetwide reduction in tectonic stress levels.
Captain, sensors indicate that Lieutenant Hagler has returned to the Enterprise.
Captain, sensors picking up a Ferengi warship closing at warp five.
Captain, sensors show nothing out there.
Captain, shall I stay at my tactical position or lead the security team?
Captain, she's a page from a book.
Captain, she's back.
Captain, sir.
Captain, so far we have an isolated incident.
Captain, something is completely immobilising us.
Captain, spare me the inspirational anecdote and just accept my resignation.
Captain, suddenly I'm sensing something else.
Captain, t'was very good of you, sir, to rescue us from out troubles.
Captain, take the helm.
Captain, that is extremely unwise.
Captain, that large mass to port may contain an assimilator.
Captain, that ship was responsible for reprogramming the Array.
Captain, that thing was killing my people!
Captain, that unidentified vessel is approaching us at warp five.
Captain, that would be exceedingly difficult.
Captain, that's absurd.
Captain, that's how we're getting out.
Captain, that's worth some risk.
Captain, the Admiral is definitely incorrect.
Captain, the Angosian transport vessel has arrived.
Captain, the Argus reactors are shutting down.
Captain, the Black Cluster is distorting the sensors.
Captain, the Boraalans have a rich and beautiful culture, a deep spiritual life.
Captain, the Borg are attempting to lock on to us with their tractor beam.
Captain, the Borg are in pursuit.
Captain, the Borg have entered Sector zero zero one.
Captain, the Borg have locked on to us with some form of tractor beam.
Captain, the Borg is still unconscious.
Captain, the Borg ship is closing.
Captain, the Borg ship is directly ahead.
Captain, the Borg ship is gone.
Captain, the Borg ship is moving away.
Captain, the Bortas is Gowron's ship.
Captain, the Bradbury is hailing us.
Captain, the Decius is hailing us.
Captain, the EM reading.
Captain, the Enterprise again.
Captain, the Enterprise is in serious danger.
Captain, the Ferengi would be very interested in a base like this.
Captain, the Hekaran ship is moving off.
Captain, the Hekaran ship's engines are beginning to overload.
Captain, the Phoenix has accelerated to warp nine.
Captain, the Phoenix has changed course.
Captain, the Phoenix in Sector twenty one five oh five.
Captain, the Phoenix is transferring power to its shields.
Captain, the Prime Minister is hailing us.
Captain, the Raman is descending toward the planet.
Captain, the Romulan has uncloaked.
Captain, the Romulan is hailing us.
Captain, the Romulan warship has crossed the Neutral Zone border.
Captain, the Romulans are arming all disruptors.
Captain, the Romulans' weapons systems are now at full power.
Captain, the Sutherland isn't heading for the rendezvous point.
Captain, the Talarian warship the Q'Maire is responding to the distress call.
Captain, the Uxbridge house is coming into transporter range.
Captain, the alien ship is breaking orbit.
Captain, the alien vessel is coming within weapons range.
Captain, the aliens have disappeared, and so has the shuttle.
Captain, the beam is holding us here.
Captain, the containment field is beginning to fluctuate.
Captain, the creatures are accelerating their approach.
Captain, the crystal thing has begun to move away.
Captain, the destroyer is hailing us.
Captain, the distress call is being repeated.
Captain, the electrostatic conditions are about as good as they're going to get.
Captain, the emissaries.
Captain, the enemy vessel is firing on us.
Captain, the energy field is approaching.
Captain, the energy field.
Captain, the engines are back online.
Captain, the engines can't handle the strain.
Captain, the equipment is no longer functioning.
Captain, the exit.
Captain, the final manifest has been received.
Captain, the first thing you need to get is some rest.
Captain, the freighter's hull temperature is approaching critical.
Captain, the freighter's orbit continues to deteriorate.
Captain, the freighter's orbit is decaying.
Captain, the hold on the Enterprise is still very strong.
Captain, the impact of the blast is pushing us into the upper atmosphere.
Captain, the issue isn't one of trust in Tam's intentions, but in his judgment.
Captain, the level of tension on the ship is mounting.
Captain, the moon's trajectory has moved point three percent.
Captain, the offspring is emitting high frequency radio transmissions.
Captain, the only detectable bioelectric residuals are your own.
Captain, the overload has been averted.
Captain, the plague ship is approaching transport range.
Captain, the plasma cloud is moving toward the shuttle.
Captain, the power drain needed to hold this position is enormous.
Captain, the probe has begun to move.
Captain, the probe is through the airlock and in position aboard the Raman.
Captain, the probe's energy output is overloading our shields.
Captain, the probe's systems are overloading.
Captain, the quarantine field in Sickbay.
Captain, the results of my temporal analysis may be pertinent.
Captain, the ringing is getting worse.
Captain, the security lockout on Transporter room six has been broken.
Captain, the security of the Federation could be at stake.
Captain, the sensors are picking up two other ships.
Captain, the ship is at risk.
Captain, the ship is hailing us again.
Captain, the ship is not at the pre-arranged coordinates.
Captain, the ship is travelling at warp nine point seven two.
Captain, the ship's engines are cut off from the bridge.
Captain, the shuttle has been launched.
Captain, the shuttle hull has been weakened.
Captain, the shuttle pilot who's on duty is Lieutenant Hayes.
Captain, the shuttlecraft is emerging from the nebula.
Captain, the shuttlecraft is under attack.
Captain, the signal pattern from the neutrino beacon is modulating.
Captain, the situation down there has changed.
Captain, the sixth planet in the system is Class M.
Captain, the star fix is almost gone.
Captain, the star fix is fading.
Captain, the storm will reach the northern perimeter in four minutes.
Captain, the target was not the ship.
Captain, the timing of our ceremony with Alrik is critical.
Captain, the tractor beam is available, if you want it.
Captain, the warbird is holding position.
Captain, there appear to be three of us.
Captain, there are eleven thousand inhabitants in this colony.
Captain, there are no emissions from their plasma vents.
Captain, there are still people down there.
Captain, there has been an incident.
Captain, there is a Cardassian ship approaching.
Captain, there is a basis which will become clear in a moment.
Captain, there is a consciousness here.
Captain, there is a pattern emerging from the signals.
Captain, there is a subspace communication from Starfleet Command.
Captain, there is an energy fluctuation directly ahead of us.
Captain, there is no chance of contagion.
Captain, there is no indication of debris.
Captain, there is no more time.
Captain, there is no rational justification for this course.
Captain, there is nothing left of Outpost Delta Zero Five.
Captain, there is too much ionisation in the atmosphere.
Captain, there will be a short delay.
Captain, there's a definite presence, a distinct personality.
Captain, there's a presence on the Enterprise.
Captain, there's an unauthorised entry in main Shuttlebay.
Captain, there's been a great deal of damage to our computer system.
Captain, there's some kind of energy pulse coming through the tractor beam.
Captain, there's something I have to tell you.
Captain, these Klingons are killers.
Captain, these are Romulans.
Captain, these frequencies are unstable.
Captain, these people actually believe they've sold their souls to the devil.
Captain, these people have been isolated for three hundred years.
Captain, they are hailing us.
Captain, they are initiating their transporter system.
Captain, they are loading its phaser banks.
Captain, they are now locking lasers on us.
Captain, they have fired on us.
Captain, they have initiated their warp drive.
Captain, they haven't been through decontamination.
Captain, they hit us with four hundred gigawatts of particle energy.
Captain, they will be incensed.
Captain, they're back.
Captain, they're expecting us at Pacifica.
Captain, they're firing energy weapons at us.
Captain, this appears to be a basic training ship.
Captain, this character, Moriarty, he called for the arch.
Captain, this holographic image differs from any I have ever seen.
Captain, this is Anya.
Captain, this is Counsellor Troi.
Captain, this is Crusher in Sickbay.
Captain, this is Doctor Crusher.
Captain, this is Guinan.
Captain, this is a life form.
Captain, this is incredible.
Captain, this is not an isolated incident.
Captain, this is sufficient evidence.
Captain, this is the Bridge.
Captain, this is the Enterprise.
Captain, this is where I want to be.
Captain, this isn't right.
Captain, this may be our only chance.
Captain, this one is still alive.
Captain, this ridge extends for a kilometre in either direction.
Captain, this shouldn't be.
Captain, those coordinates will take us right into the Neutral Zone.
Captain, thrusters are losing power.
Captain, thy little centuries go by so rapidly.
Captain, time is crucial.
Captain, tractor beam.
Captain, transfer complete.
Captain, transfer of information complete.
Captain, unable to transport.
Captain, wait.
Captain, wake up.
Captain, warbird uncloaking.
Captain, warp engines are back online.
Captain, warp power is dropping.
Captain, warp pulse calculations are complete.
Captain, we Brekkians are in business.
Captain, we are approaching Dytallix B.
Captain, we are approaching Science Station Delta Zero Five.
Captain, we are approaching the Devolin system.
Captain, we are approaching the designated coordinates.
Captain, we are being boarded.
Captain, we are being hailed by the Klingon home world.
Captain, we are being hailed by the alien vessel.
Captain, we are being hailed by the other vessel.
Captain, we are being, You are being hailed, by name.
Captain, we are clear.
Captain, we are encountering shifts in the magnetic field density.
Captain, we are entering sector nine seven.
Captain, we are experiencing a two percent drop in energy reserves.
Captain, we are hungry and tired.
Captain, we are in the war zone.
Captain, we are in.
Captain, we are nearing the MS system.
Captain, we are nearing the periphery of Sector twenty one five oh three.
Captain, we are not receiving Rana Four's call sign.
Captain, we are not suited to handle situations like this.
Captain, we are now at warp nine point one, sir.
Captain, we are now capable of launching a limited number of photon torpedoes.
Captain, we are ready to implement the plan.
Captain, we are reasonably sure it's between here and the Brechtian Cluster.
Captain, we are receiving a signal from dead ahead.
Captain, we are showing that same hole in time again.
Captain, we can do it.
Captain, we could easily repair the type of system he uses.
Captain, we could use an extra hand moving the containment pods.
Captain, we do not want to exaggerate this incident.
Captain, we don't have a lot of time.
Captain, we finally got in here about six hours ago.
Captain, we have a malfunction in the containment area.
Captain, we have a portion of the last log entry.
Captain, we have analysed your problem.
Captain, we have arrived at Tanuga Four.
Captain, we have confirmed that you are holding Admiral Alidar Jarok.
Captain, we have crossed the Lysian border.
Captain, we have located the source of the energy residual.
Captain, we have lost computer control.
Captain, we have more information from the briefing studies on Ligon.
Captain, we have no communications outside of the void.
Captain, we have not regained control of the propulsion systems.
Captain, we have re-established exact coordinates and attitude.
Captain, we have sustained heavy damage to the deflector systems.
Captain, we have the vessel carrying the Sheliak colonists on visual.
Captain, we have to get the Enterprise away from here before it gets any worse.
Captain, we know so little about this culture and even less about Korgano.
Captain, we may have found something.
Captain, we may not be able to get control of this situation.
Captain, we must intervene.
Captain, we need help.
Captain, we need your help.
Captain, we think we might be on to something.
Captain, we want you to understand the nature of your choice.
Captain, we were expecting the Decius.
Captain, we will continue these discussions when you've calmed down.
Captain, we will need to reach our transport site in fourteen minutes.
Captain, we'd like permission to exhume the body.
Captain, we'll be arriving at the Borgolis Nebula in three hours.
Captain, we'll get to the bottom of this.
Captain, we're beaming over a replacement coil.
Captain, we're being hailed.
Captain, we're being hit by a field of energetic tachyons penetrating the hull.
Captain, we're dropping to impulse.
Captain, we're entering.
Captain, we're heading straight into the path of that stellar matter.
Captain, we're here.
Captain, we're losing life support on decks eleven and twelve.
Captain, we're out of control.
Captain, we're passing warp ten!
Captain, we're picking up an energy field on the planet surface.
Captain, we're ready down here.
Captain, we're ready to beam it back to the planet.
Captain, we're ready to begin the launch sequence.
Captain, we're receiving a message from the Sheliak Corporate.
Captain, we're receiving an audio signal from Angel One.
Captain, we're receiving two hundred eighty five thousand hails.
Captain, we're right here.
Captain, we've broken orbit and laid in a course for Daled Four.
Captain, we've checked everything.
Captain, we've completed our dilithium vector calibrations.
Captain, we've confirmed your report.
Captain, we've detected a large structure on the planet.
Captain, we've detected some sort of debris in a loose orbit.
Captain, we've dropped to warp five point seven.
Captain, we've found a way to extend the matter-antimatter energy supplies.
Captain, we've got company.
Captain, we've got everything we need.
Captain, we've identified the prisoner.
Captain, we've just dropped to impulse power.
Captain, we've just lost the warp engines.
Captain, we've just picked up a distress call from a Ferengi shuttle.
Captain, we've located a planet that may still support life.
Captain, we've reached the coordinates specified.
Captain, we've regained magnification of the life form.
Captain, we've started moving again.
Captain, we've sustained damage to the impulse drive.
Captain, welcome.
Captain, what are our options really?
Captain, what do you know about Worf's discommendation?
Captain, what if Anya transforms?
Captain, what if you're wrong?
Captain, what is happening to us, is happening to thousands more on Ornara.
Captain, what is your status?
Captain, what this man has been telling you is full of half-truths.
Captain, what was that?
Captain, what we just heard is impossible.
Captain, what's wrong?
Captain, where are you going?
Captain, who gave that order?
Captain, why should a king wish to pass as a commoner?
Captain, will you take Ops?
Captain, with all due respect, that's not your concern.
Captain, with your permission, I would like to return to the planet.
Captain, would you all join us this evening?
Captain, would you be so kind as to show us to our quarters?
Captain, you agreed to leave the Neutral Zone without
Captain, you and I know that they have conspired with Romulans in the past.
Captain, you are being hailed.
Captain, you are completely responsible for that boy's life.
Captain, you are injured.
Captain, you are jeopardising your command and your career.
Captain, you can't be afraid of those two or what they can do to your ship.
Captain, you can't start thinking like that.
Captain, you didn't have to come all the way down here.
Captain, you do need time.
Captain, you don't understand.
Captain, you have to understand our history.
Captain, you keep a saddle on board?
Captain, you know I would never act like that.
Captain, you know her better than I.
Captain, you must do something.
Captain, you must give us back our cargo.
Captain, you need at least another twenty four hours.
Captain, you need the diversion.
Captain, you once said if I ask you to leave, you would without hesitation.
Captain, you said if I.
Captain, you seem to be in a very unfortunate circumstance.
Captain, you will be killed.
Captain, you will turn him over to me for interrogation now.
Captain, you'd better get somebody down here.
Captain, you'd better look at this.
Captain, you'll be trapped here.
Captain, you're welcome to join us.
Captain, your children are with us.
Captain, your orders were to deliver the message, correct?
Captain, your original hypothesis is correct.
Cardassian ship preparing to fire again, sir.
Cardassian warships, Galor class, type three.
Cardassians have no claims in this sector.
Cardassians.
Cardiac arrest?
Cardiac replacement?
Cardio-stimulator.
Cardiovascular functions normal.
Care for another sandwich?
Care to lend a hand?
Care to see my quarters?
Careful not to arouse suspicion, until it's too late.
Careful to cover our tracks.
Careful with your choice of words, T'Jon.
Careful, Captain.
Careful, Commander.
Careful, Data.
Careful, Yareena.
Careful, he may have suffered cranial damage.
Careful, that's hot.
Careful, the next rock is loose!
Cargo One.
Cargo has been loaded and is secure.
Cargo ships running with high energy subspace fields that jam sensors?
Cargo?
Carlos.
Carmen!
Carmen, have you got construction started I didn't know about?
Carmen?
Carmichael Right there.
Carmichael's boarding house.
Carmichael, even now my troupe are in rehearsals for a new production.
Carmichael, thank goodness you're here.
Carry my beverage to that table.
Carry out my orders, Chief.
Carving us up like a roast.
Cast aside your masks and let me slip into your minds.
Casual queries, offered inconspicuously, may prove fruitful.
Casualties of war, Commander.
Casualties reported on deck twelve.
Casualties reported on decks twenty six and twenty seven.
Casualties reported.
Casualties?
Casualty reports are coming in from all over the ship.
Cat food?
Cat?
Catch my breath.
Catching them in the act.
Category - Microbiotic colony.
Cats usually like to pick a specific location to give birth.
Cattle, chickens, pigs.
Caught in the after effect.
Caught on the ship?
Cause time move backwards and then forwards.
Caused by?
Caused much death.
Caution is clearly called for, Captain.
Caution is indicated.
Caution?
Caves are dark and wet.
Caviar?
Cease Red Alert.
Cease hostilities.
Celebrate later, Toral.
Celebrating?
Cell regeneration?
Cellular peptides.
Cellular residue.
Cellular structure unknown.
Celtris Three is in Cardassian space.
Celtris Three.
Centre main viewer on that area.
Centuries old technology.
Cerebral blood flow looks normal.
Cerebral cortex placed on life support at zero eight thirty one hours.
Ceremonial, and deceptively primitive.
Certain cultures consider perfume an aphrodisiac.
Certain cyanoacrylates.
Certain.
Certainly not enough to defeat a Nebula class starship.
Certainly not for Spock who is half-human.
Certainly not in this situation.
Certainly not in your case.
Certainly not to the degree it has.
Certainly not until you have learned control.
Certainly she can offer you much more.
Certainly somebody ought to make him comfortable before you get started.
Certainly that can wait until we've recovered the survivors.
Certainly you can't bring her back to life.
Certainly you knew that once you became mortal some of them might look you up.
Certainly your region would have certain rights.
Certainly, as soon as my work here is completed.
Certainly, what happened to my hand seems to support that theory.
Certainty.
Certainty?
Chair.
Chairman Songi, this is Commander Riker on board the Enterprise.
Chairman Songi, we will proceed immediately to your planet.
Chairs?
Challenge.
Challenge?
Champagne.
Champagne?
Chance?
Chancellor Alrik is ready to beam aboard.
Chancellor Alrik.
Chancellor, I have made some fine ones in my time.
Chancellor, I strongly disagree.
Chancellor, I think you might want to clear your afternoon schedule for this.
Chancellor, he is Captain Picard's first officer, Commander Riker.
Chancellor, we are here only to help guide you into a new era.
Chancellor, we have a tradition called a toast.
Chancellor, with your permission, I would like to beam to the surface.
Chancellor, you must not.
Change course to intercept the Enterprise.
Change course to make a close sensor pass.
Change in readings, sir.
Change is at the heart of what you are.
Change the clarinet to an oboe.
Change the gravitational constant of the universe.
Change the ship's orbit to an inclination of eighty degrees south.
Change them?
Changed?
Changing course new heading two nine nine mark zero two nine.
Changing course to three five one mark four.
Changing course.
Changing it to appear Romulan shouldn't be too difficult.
Changing to twenty pulses per second.
Channel is open, sir.
Channel is open.
Channel open, sir.
Channelling power to the main, er, deflector dish.
Chaos.
Charge main disruptor array.
Charge to Doctor Crusher.
Charging primary systems.
Charming fellow.
Charming woman.
Chart it.
Chart it?
Chasing after something we shall probably never find?
Cheat fate?
Cheat.
Cheating the Nausicaans could have serious consequences for all of us.
Chech'tluth.
Check and mate.
Check completed, sir.
Check for any debris.
Check her positronic matrix.
Check on three.
Check out the primary EPS system.
Check the cellular membranes.
Check the hull integrity.
Check the main distribution matrix.
Check the transport log.
Check with Mister La Forge.
Check with the Enterprise, see what's available.
Checking for failure of inertial dampeners.
Checking in, gentlemen?
Checking the mission logs.
Checking us out?
Checkmate in nine moves.
Checkout's at noon when you're ready to leave.
Chef.
Chemically, these are identical.
Chenza at court.
Chenza!
Chief Brossmer.
Chief Engineer La Forge called for me, urgent.
Chief Engineer report to the Bridge.
Chief Engineer's log, stardate 43808.2.
Chief Engineer, Lieutenant Commander Geordi La Forge.
Chief Engineer, report to the Bridge.
Chief Engineer.
Chief Herbert, what's going on?
Chief Investigator, welcome to the Enterprise.
Chief Medical Officer Beverly Crusher.
Chief Medical Officer's log, personal, stardate 46830.1.
Chief Medical Officer's log, stardate 41512.9.
Chief Medical Officer's log, stardate 46831.2.
Chief Medical Officer's log.
Chief Medical Officer, Doctor Beverly Crusher.
Chief O'Brien served under his command aboard the Rutledge, sir.
Chief O'Brien talks to me.
Chief O'Brien to Bridge.
Chief O'Brien, Jeremy and I are going down to the surface.
Chief O'Brien, are you ready?
Chief O'Brien, lock onto that transponder signal.
Chief O'Brien, this is Captain Picard.
Chief of Security.
Chief, I got the sensor report on the shuttle break-up.
Chief, I'm sorry to disturb you.
Chief, I've just, I've been reviewing the transport logs.
Chief, divert the necessary power to Engineering.
Chief, this examination should only take a few minutes.
Chief, transport them to the planet surface.
Chief?
Child-like mind?
Child?
Children are a lot stronger than you think.
Children are created from the building blocks of their parents' DNA.
Children are not allowed on the Bridge.
Children are our offspring.
Children don't have the experience to handle emotional crises.
Children grow, forget their parents.
Children like D'Tan are our future.
Children often do not develop discerning palettes until well beyond adolescence.
Children often feel they must be true to the memory of a lost parent.
Children on the Enterprise?
Children who never got the chance to grow up.
China was thought to be only a myth until Marco Polo travelled there.
Chocolate ice cream, chocolate fudge and chocolate chips.
Chocolate is a serious thing.
Chocolate?
Choice number two?
Choice?
Choo!
Choose what I want?
Choose whomever you wish.
Chorgan is a better judge of these matters.
Chorgan is not responding.
Chorgan, I assure you, my First Officer has a good reason for his actions.
Chorgan, if I had wanted you destroyed, you would not be talking to me now.
Chorgan, keep perfectly still.
Chorgan, this is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Enterprise.
Chorgan, this is Sovereign Marouk.
Christi, you're not leaving, are you?
Christina, Lieutenant Barclay.
Chronological age?
Cigar?
Circa 1958.
Circulate his likeness among the security forces.
Circumstances demand that I take you into my confidence.
Circumstances unfortunately permit us no pause for grief.
City block.
City ordinance.
Civil.
Civilised but still dangerous.
Civility, gentlemen, always civility.
Claimed it was more efficient.
Clan affiliation is not within provided records.
Clancy, I'll be gone awhile.
Clans battled clans.
Clara and Isabella and I were just having a conversation.
Clara!
Clara's sleeping.
Clara, I'm glad we're best friends.
Clara, do you want me to talk to Isabella?
Clara, if we need your help again, I hope we can count on you.
Clara, meet Alexander Rozhenko.
Clara, now.
Clara, please tell me what Isabella said.
Clara, there's no such thing as invisible people.
Clara, why are grown-ups so mean?
Clara, would you like some clay of your own?
Clara, you can't be here right now.
Class M readings from the fifth planet in the system.
Class M, Earth-like, beautiful.
Class of fifty seven, graduated eighth in his class.
Class seven, crew complement twenty six.
Class three defensive only.
Classic transference.
Classic triangular envelopment.
Classical guitar.
Classical?
Classified.
Classified?
Clear all moorings.
Clear corridors of all non-essential personnel.
Clear my mind a little.
Clear the cargo.
Clear the power shunt.
Clear this area.
Clear your mind.
Clear.
Clear?
Clearance is granted.
Clearly I need to be briefed.
Clearly there is a misalignment somewhere in this system.
Clearly these are difficult issues to resolve.
Clearly they did not consider our being there a threat to them.
Clearly this was much more than an empathic echo.
Clearly you are some kind of intelligent form.
Clearly, Mister Fajo has no moral difficulty with my imprisonment here.
Clearly, we still possess certain skills.
Clearly, you've spent far too much time with humans.
Clearly, your father was a traitor.
Clemens?
Cleveland?
Clever, android.
Clever, human, but I'm not that foolish.
Clever.
Click my heels together three times and I'm back in Kansas.
Clicking sounds.
Cliffs.
Climbing.
Cloak or no cloak, we'll spot it by its turbulence.
Cloaked Romulan ships could produce that effect.
Cloaking device functioning correctly, sir.
Cloaking shields off.
Clones.
Cloning isn't the answer.
Close call.
Close channel.
Close enough, however, to see we're not there.
Close friends, but nothing more.
Close range sensor analysis has yielded no further trace of Commander Data.
Close the channel, Mister Worf.
Close the channel.
Close the door.
Close to forty kilometres.
Close to twenty five years.
Close your mind to the pain.
Close, but different.
Close, please.
Close.
Closed in, he's feeling trapped.
Closed indicates a permanent condition, which I cannot guarantee.
Closed minds have kept these two worlds apart for centuries.
Closer.
Closing on the new signal, sir.
Clothed females.
Co-ordinates set, sir.
Co-ordinates set.
Co-ordinates?
Coalition.
Coast?
Code Forty Seven, sir.
Code Forty Seven.
Code fourteen.
Code one alpha zero.
Code one emergency.
Code three drill in B wing.
Coerced, no.
Coffee and croissants, that's all you really want, isn't it?
Coffee and croissants.
Cogito ergo sum.
Coil efficiency is well within specifications, Captain.
Coils here.
Cold blooded.
Cold feet?
Cold water.
Cold, muddy.
Collaboration is what your species does best.
Collapse is imminent.
Collapsing protostars sometimes emit E-band bursts.
Collapsing the anomaly and restoring the normal flow of time.
Collect as much specific detail as I can of their observations.
Collect devices from the four corpses, which dissolve into nothing.
Collect your samples, Mister La Forge.
Collecting DNA samples.
Collecting on an old debt.
Collection.
Colonel Richey.
Colonel S.
Colour?
Colourless.
Colours produced on a surface by applying a pigment.
Colours representing countries at a time when they competed with each other.
Combatants, hold your positions.
Come again.
Come along, Alexander.
Come along, Homn.
Come along, Varria.
Come along, Wesley.
Come along, my little love.
Come along.
Come and have a cup of tea.
Come and have supper tonight, my friend.
Come and sit down.
Come at it from the opposite direction.
Come back and see us again.
Come back fighting!
Come back three centuries.
Come back tomorrow.
Come back with me.
Come back, Ardra, if you can.
Come by and see me in my office later, okay?
Come by my quarters and I'll show it to you.
Come cheer up my lads, 'Tis to glory we steer.
Come close to me, Klingon.
Come dance at my wedding.
Come down.
Come have a drink with me.
Come here for a second.
Come here!
Come here, girl.
Come here, little one.
Come in Enterprise.
Come in and have a seat.
Come in for a drink?
Come in for a minute?
Come in, Alexander.
Come in, Lantree.
Come in, Lieutenant.
Come in, Little One.
Come in, Mister La Forge.
Come in, Wesley.
Come in, gentlemen.
Come now, Captain.
Come now, Locutus.
Come now, Major.
Come off the main lead, split off at the force activator, then, then.
Come on Data, we'd better get down there.
Come on now, stay awake.
Come on out of there, you.
Come on over here, darlin'.
Come on the Bridge.
Come on, Ben.
Come on, Beverly!
Come on, Beverly, we've got to get out of here.
Come on, Captain.
Come on, Chief.
Come on, Commander, come on now.
Come on, Dad, you always make that mistake.
Come on, Data, hurry.
Come on, Data, what is this?
Come on, Data, you can't let that pass.
Come on, Eric.
Come on, Father.
Come on, Franklin.
Come on, I'll help you.
Come on, I'm getting you to Sickbay.
Come on, Kamie.
Come on, Kelsey.
Come on, Lieutenant, I know you're in here somewhere.
Come on, Lieutenant.
Come on, Marty.
Come on, Maura.
Come on, Mister Leech.
Come on, Mom.
Come on, Mother, let's sit down.
Come on, Number One.
Come on, Patches, in here.
Come on, Sergey.
Come on, Toots, let's go.
Come on, Toq.
Come on, We'll see what we can do with your power converter.
Come on, Wesley.
Come on, all of you.
Come on, baggage man.
Come on, big guy.
Come on, boy, roll 'em.
Come on, climb!
Come on, come on!
Come on, fella.
Come on, get up there.
Come on, give me a break here.
Come on, grab on.
Come on, he's just playing for sympathy now.
Come on, he's never been much on charm.
Come on, hurry.
Come on, it wasn't half a metre.
Come on, it'll be all right.
Come on, it's got to belong to somebody.
Come on, it's me.
Come on, keep moving!
Come on, keep moving.
Come on, let it go, guv.
Come on, let's get him back.
Come on, let's get out of here, Commander.
Come on, let's get started.
Come on, let's get to the surface.
Come on, move it, people!
Come on, not again!
Come on, quickly.
Come on, sit down.
Come on, stay with me.
Come on, sure you do.
Come on, this should be working.
Come on, try it on for size.
Come on, we're going to be late.
Come on, work.
Come on, you got him, you got him, watch out.
Come on, you're not hurt.
Come on, you've done this before.
Come on.
Come out here.
Come over here.
Come see what Harry's doing.
Come sit down.
Come to course zero eight zero mark two nine five.
Come to four zero mark six five, ahead one third, and assume a standard orbit.
Come to give me more encouragement?
Come to intercept course.
Come to the Enterprise.
Come to the Transporter room, please.
Come up with me.
Come with me, Doctor.
Come with me.
Come with us!
Come, Watson!
Come, it is time to go.
Come, join us, Jean-Luc.
Come, join us.
Come, let us, the sons of Mogh, live this night as if it were our last.
Come, let's go to the market.
Come, let's stretch our legs.
Come, sit down.
Come, sit with me.
Come, we don't have much time.
Come, you can watch everything I do.
Comedy stressing farce and horseplay.
Comfortable chair.
Comfortable, also.
Comfortable?
Comforting?
Comic, continue.
Coming Commander?
Coming about.
Coming apart, Chief.
Coming down.
Coming here almost makes me feel human myself.
Coming in now, sir.
Coming in, sir.
Coming into position at one thousand metres.
Coming into position.
Coming online now.
Coming through!
Coming through, sir.
Coming to heading three four zero mark one zero.
Coming to two one seven mark one one five.
Coming up on sixteen hundred hours.
Coming, Riker?
Command codes verified.
Command functions are being rerouted, sir.
Command functions restored.
Command lockout has been released.
Command of a ship?
Command override is not functioning.
Commander Albert.
Commander Daren has already requested extra time on the main sensor array.
Commander Daren.
Commander Data and I have recovered the stray torpedo after a three day search.
Commander Data has a way with computers.
Commander Data has just regained consciousness.
Commander Data has left Ten forward.
Commander Data has succeeded in returning the crew to normal.
Commander Data is a valued member of my Bridge crew.
Commander Data is an android, Doctor.
Commander Data is my Second Officer.
Commander Data is on special assignment, sir.
Commander Data is on the Bridge.
Commander Data is on the main Bridge.
Commander Data is one of those individuals.
Commander Data is ready to come aboard, sir.
Commander Data knows precisely what he is doing.
Commander Data ready to beam aboard.
Commander Data to Captain Picard.
Commander Data to the Bridge immediately.
Commander Data will be our featured soloist this evening.
Commander Data will meet you there.
Commander Data's neural network has been vacated.
Commander Data, Doctor Marr, report to the Bridge immediately.
Commander Data, I realise your very nature omits ambition.
Commander Data, I wish to open a communication frequency to Karnas.
Commander Data, I'm picking up an unusual echo from my navigational sensors.
Commander Data, La Forge, I don't envy you your job.
Commander Data, Lieutenant Yar.
Commander Data, Mister La Forge, prepare to beam down to the planet.
Commander Data, are they still unaware that we have access to their computers?
Commander Data, bring up the plans I requested on the viewscreen, please.
Commander Data, check all systems.
Commander Data, do you hear me?
Commander Data, escort Ishara to the transporter room.
Commander Data, if you would accompany the Ambassador on his tour.
Commander Data, please report to the Bridge.
Commander Data, report to the main Bridge immediately.
Commander Data, report.
Commander Data, return to the Enterprise immediately.
Commander Data, show them the logs you downloaded from the Array.
Commander Data, supervise.
Commander Data, this is Ambassador T'Pel.
Commander Data, this is Chief Investigator Krag.
Commander Data, we are approaching the Neutral Zone.
Commander Data, welcome on board.
Commander Data, what are you doing now?
Commander Data, you have the bridge.
Commander Data, you will accompany the Doctor to the surface.
Commander I know we've had problems here.
Commander K'Ehleyr will board your ship and take command.
Commander K'Nera, this is Captain Picard.
Commander Korris, this is Captain Picard.
Commander Korris.
Commander Kurn is ready for transport, Captain.
Commander Kurn perhaps?
Commander La Forge and all the others, they're crazy about some new game.
Commander La Forge and my mother.
Commander La Forge has a possible solution.
Commander La Forge has been taken to Sickbay with plasma burns.
Commander La Forge has completed the installation of our new warp core.
Commander La Forge has completed the reconfiguration of the photon torpedoes.
Commander La Forge has managed to disable the alien transformation programme.
Commander La Forge has rejoined the Enterprise from Risa.
Commander La Forge has running a level one diagnostic to isolate the problem.
Commander La Forge is attempting repairs even as we speak.
Commander La Forge is especially
Commander La Forge is hailing you from the surface, sir.
Commander La Forge is my Chief Engineer.
Commander La Forge is not on board the Enterprise.
Commander La Forge is right handed, sir.
Commander La Forge returned to the Enterprise.
Commander La Forge said you seemed a little nervous this morning.
Commander La Forge to the Bridge.
Commander La Forge wants some tricorder readings on those fluctuations.
Commander La Forge will be entirely at your disposal, Ambassador.
Commander La Forge, Commander Leijten, report to the Bridge.
Commander La Forge, Counsellor Troi, take a shuttle to Starbase sixty seven.
Commander La Forge, Mister Worf, come with me.
Commander La Forge, call me when you, when my father wishes to leave.
Commander La Forge, can you get us out of this star system safely?
Commander La Forge, get Mister O'Brien.
Commander La Forge, please report.
Commander La Forge, you?
Commander Leijten, Geordi, check out the shuttle.
Commander MacDuff, have the other officers listed here report to the Bridge.
Commander MacDuff, set a course for the Lysian Central Command.
Commander Maddox is here to do some work on your android.
Commander Mark Jameson.
Commander Morag and Lieutenant Uhnari are being kept under close observation.
Commander Morag is due here in two hours.
Commander Morag is in his quarters.
Commander Pulaski's greatest medical skill is her empathy.
Commander Quinteros, you have three ships in here.
Commander Quinteros.
Commander Remmick is with the Inspector General's office.
Commander Remmick, report to Admiral Quinn.
Commander Riker and I are friends.
Commander Riker and I have expectations of you.
Commander Riker and I will now try to regain control of our ship.
Commander Riker and I will stay on board, be available should you need us.
Commander Riker and an away team will join you shortly.
Commander Riker conducts masterclasses in poker.
Commander Riker could die.
Commander Riker didn't know how you managed it.
Commander Riker has asked to pilot you himself, Ambassador.
Commander Riker has become tense.
Commander Riker has been taken from the Enterprise.
Commander Riker has returned safely from his mission to Tilonus Four.
Commander Riker has speculated that it may be a Romulan transmission.
Commander Riker has taken charge of the Enterprise.
Commander Riker has told me how supportive you were in Engineering.
Commander Riker here, sir.
Commander Riker is correct.
Commander Riker is hailing, sir.
Commander Riker is in his quarters.
Commander Riker is leading an away team in an attempt to learn more about them.
Commander Riker is leading an away team.
Commander Riker is near death.
Commander Riker is the second officer who has fallen into an unexplained coma.
Commander Riker just has been encased in some kind of energy field.
Commander Riker may be bluffing, Wesley.
Commander Riker requested that I prepare him an Acamarian dish.
Commander Riker said you'd still be down here.
Commander Riker says you choose to live the way you do and you like it.
Commander Riker suggested this particular flower.
Commander Riker to Enterprise.
Commander Riker to Transporter room three.
Commander Riker to the Enterprise.
Commander Riker took the worst of it with a broken arm.
Commander Riker was in no position to offer any kind of struggle, Chancellor.
Commander Riker will assume that we'll be searching for them.
Commander Riker will captain the Hathaway.
Commander Riker will conduct a manual docking.
Commander Riker will join you in a moment.
Commander Riker wrote those reports.
Commander Riker's condition is still critical.
Commander Riker's easy going manner and sense of humour is fascinating to me.
Commander Riker's told me about the altered log, if that's what's troubling you.
Commander Riker, Counsellor, Doctor.
Commander Riker, I am here to take you into custody.
Commander Riker, I hereby promote you to the field commission of Captain.
Commander Riker, Lieutenant Yar.
Commander Riker, a duty schedule for Mister Crusher, heavy on study.
Commander Riker, a pleasure as always.
Commander Riker, acknowledge!
Commander Riker, are you there?
Commander Riker, bring Doctor Stubbs to the Bridge.
Commander Riker, check the organism growth with Engineering.
Commander Riker, do you want to cross?
Commander Riker, escort her to quarters.
Commander Riker, have science lab three begin a series of gamma emission tests.
Commander Riker, isn't this great?
Commander Riker, it's too soon for this.
Commander Riker, looks like some sort of storage area.
Commander Riker, perhaps you and Counsellor Troi will demonstrate.
Commander Riker, please acknowledge.
Commander Riker, please take command of the ship until further notice.
Commander Riker, prepare to return to the shuttlebay.
Commander Riker, report to the Captain's quarters.
Commander Riker, report.
Commander Riker, set course for the Kaleb sector, warp factor eight.
Commander Riker, sir.
Commander Riker, take the Enterprise and investigate the problem.
Commander Riker, the containment field has stabilised.
Commander Riker, there's your next challenge.
Commander Riker, these proceedings are closed to everyone.
Commander Riker, this is Ensign T'Su.
Commander Riker, this is our ship's Counsellor, Deanna Troi.
Commander Riker, we've started to receive telemetry from the probe we launched.
Commander Riker, what's going on?
Commander Riker, will you report to my Ready room?
Commander Riker, will you see to the Admiral's staff?
Commander Riker, would you introduce me to your Captain?
Commander Riker, you are fifteen minutes early.
Commander Riker, you have failed to transport my son aboard the Q'Maire.
Commander Riker, you will be out of shield range in five seconds.
Commander Riker, your answers make no sense.
Commander Shelby can fill you in.
Commander Shelby took over Borg tactical analysis six months ago.
Commander Shelby was just telling me of your concerns about her plan.
Commander Shelby, take an away team and confirm that the Borg are asleep.
Commander Shelby, what is the status of out defence preparations?
Commander Shelby, you'll lead the away team.
Commander Shelby, you'll take the Bridge and coordinate with Starfleet.
Commander Shelby.
Commander Taris, prepare to receive a transmission from our Chief Engineer.
Commander Tomalak, we have intercepted your transmission.
Commander Tomalak.
Commander Toreth must not feel that anything is unusual.
Commander Toreth will want to know your mission.
Commander William Riker of the Starship Enterprise.
Commander William Riker, Doctor Pulaski, Lieutenant Worf.
Commander William Riker.
Commander it seems that you've made a lot more modifications than I'm aware of.
Commander of the Enterprise formerly assigned to the USS Hood.
Commander we barely managed to transport off ourselves.
Commander, Barclay and I had better get to Engineering.
Commander, Doctor Kila Marr.
Commander, Doctor.
Commander, I am aware of what transpired on the planet surface.
Commander, I am detecting life signs from behind that door.
Commander, I am in your debt.
Commander, I am not the proper person to advise you.
Commander, I am picking up massive triolic wave activity on the surface.
Commander, I am picking up some unusual readings from the Alpha Omicron system.
Commander, I am reading a minor power drain in the starboard EPS conduit.
Commander, I am singularly impressed by your concern for a life.
Commander, I assure you we know what we're doing.
Commander, I believe each slot is designed for a specific Borg.
Commander, I believe there is a problem.
Commander, I bring all the alternatives to the Captain's attention.
Commander, I can hear everything you say to me.
Commander, I have a thought.
Commander, I have been analysing the nucleonic beam.
Commander, I have discovered the basis of the charges against Worf's father.
Commander, I have re-established the star fix.
Commander, I have the plan for deploying warning buoys around the null space.
Commander, I insist you and Mister La Forge stay with us.
Commander, I know my sister can be somewhat, er, aggravating.
Commander, I know you're here to evaluate this project.
Commander, I leave this in your capable hands.
Commander, I must compliment you on your performance this evening.
Commander, I must speak with Captain Picard.
Commander, I need to bring that door down!
Commander, I need to come too.
Commander, I need to see you on the Bridge.
Commander, I realise what a difficult position this must be for you.
Commander, I recommend a minimum complement.
Commander, I require your presence on the Bridge.
Commander, I think I've got something.
Commander, I think I've got this place figured out here.
Commander, I think we might have just struck paydirt.
Commander, I think we should call it a night.
Commander, I understand that you had a parent who was in Starfleet.
Commander, I want to see you in the Captain's Ready room.
Commander, I would like to remind you about my poetry reading this afternoon.
Commander, I'd like to tell you something.
Commander, I'll need about two more minutes.
Commander, I'm going to begin a field enhanced scan of this sector.
Commander, I'm hoping the experimental stage is over.
Commander, I'm picking up internal energy this thing.
Commander, I'm picking up massive power fluctuations, internal explosions.
Commander, I'm reading something very strange here.
Commander, I'm receiving a subspace message from the Jarada.
Commander, I've been reviewing the unmanned probe scans.
Commander, I've found him!
Commander, I've got a pattern lock.
Commander, Romulan vessel.
Commander, Starfleet has added a diplomatic mission to Oceanus Four.
Commander, Stargazer is now powering up, sir.
Commander, a low mileage pit woofie?
Commander, a message from the mining settlement on Pentarus Five.
Commander, a photon torpedo may penetrate their shield.
Commander, advise Lieutenant La Forge that shields are below minimum.
Commander, an unidentified heat source.
Commander, any explanation for this injector problem?
Commander, are these chronitons dangerous?
Commander, assemble the senior staff and go to Red alert.
Commander, away team reporting in.
Commander, both our ships are ready to fight.
Commander, can this be another me?
Commander, can you hear me?
Commander, cargo is on board and secure.
Commander, come here!
Commander, could I have a word with you?
Commander, did you override my orbital heading?
Commander, did you understand my request?
Commander, do you know who I am?
Commander, do you realise the position you're putting me in?
Commander, don't worry about it.
Commander, eighty years ago the Lornaks massacred a rival clan, the Tralestas.
Commander, energise.
Commander, has anything strange ever happened to you during transport?
Commander, have you been able to determine the cause of the warp breach?
Commander, he's not worth it.
Commander, how long have I been married to Counsellor Troi?
Commander, how long will it take us to search this system?
Commander, if I give my life to save my fellow officers, that is my choice.
Commander, if your duties permit, why don't you join us for dessert?
Commander, is it your intention to continue to grow your beard?
Commander, is that what you wanted?
Commander, it's oh seven hundred hours.
Commander, just having that guy around makes me feel guilty.
Commander, just what kind of memories do you retain of the colonists?
Commander, let me remind you we are on a mission of exploration.
Commander, look.
Commander, may I have a word with you?
Commander, may I present Major Rakal of the Tal Shiar?
Commander, may I present my daughter, Brenna Odell.
Commander, may I speak with you?
Commander, maybe the exocomps can help us.
Commander, my apologies.
Commander, never mind.
Commander, our communications are being monitored.
Commander, our options are very limited.
Commander, perhaps I could handle that.
Commander, please do not think this is an arbitrary decision.
Commander, please, don't make that decision final.
Commander, please, step down.
Commander, please.
Commander, proceed with Timothy as the Counsellor suggests.
Commander, quickly.
Commander, radiation levels are critical.
Commander, reading subspace field fluctuations from within the Borg ship.
Commander, readings indicate surface to ship transport has begun.
Commander, receiving a mayday on all frequencies.
Commander, request permission to investigate this vehicle.
Commander, sensors are picking up a vessel.
Commander, sensors are picking up an unidentified ship on an intercept course.
Commander, sensors detect a ship approaching at warp speed.
Commander, signal the following in all languages and on all frequencies.
Commander, somebody's been rewriting history.
Commander, someone is approaching.
Commander, something down here is shielding our communicators.
Commander, surrender your weapon.
Commander, take a look at this.
Commander, tell me about your sexual organs.
Commander, thank you.
Commander, that was a remarkable performance.
Commander, that will not be necessary.
Commander, that would not be an atypical Romulan ploy.
Commander, the Captain of the Q'Maire requests communication.
Commander, the Duras need this convoy.
Commander, the Enterprise is underway.
Commander, the Legarans are ready to beam aboard.
Commander, the Romulans want a computer.
Commander, the child is the source of the unusual radiation.
Commander, the current cannot be off down from this relay box.
Commander, the holodeck appears to be in operation.
Commander, the miners report that they have very few operable shuttlecraft.
Commander, the neodyne relay isn't holding.
Commander, the particle fountain is continuing to surge.
Commander, the sensor image of that ship is extremely weak.
Commander, the shields are frozen.
Commander, the shuttle has been hit.
Commander, the shuttle has reached the E region of the planet's ionosphere.
Commander, the shuttle is out of control.
Commander, the shuttlecraft is gone.
Commander, the signal resolution's down to fifty percent.
Commander, the warships' closing velocities are slowing.
Commander, there are DNA traces here.
Commander, there are no he's or she's in a species without gender.
Commander, there is a shuttle missing from bay two.
Commander, there is still one fact we have not considered.
Commander, there's no response from Commander Data to our signal.
Commander, there's something I want to say.
Commander, these Iyaarans are arrogant, irritating.
Commander, these cubes are improperly balanced.
Commander, they are leading us into the heart of our own defences.
Commander, two ships decloaking fore and aft.
Commander, wait!
Commander, wait.
Commander, warp power has been transferred to the shield grid.
Commander, we appreciate your concern but we're not going anywhere.
Commander, we are nearing the perimeter.
Commander, we are prepared to defend the life of the alien.
Commander, we are receiving some kind of signal from the mercenary ship.
Commander, we believe the warp field effect is cumulative.
Commander, we cannot survive another hit.
Commander, we don't have to like each other to work well together.
Commander, we have made some progress here.
Commander, we have recovered one of your survivors.
Commander, we need to begin a full spectrographic analysis of the Dyson Sphere.
Commander, we received a communication from Starfleet.
Commander, we should be going like a bat out of hell.
Commander, we will handle this one step at a time.
Commander, we will leave.
Commander, we'll need you too.
Commander, we're all loaded here.
Commander, we're grateful for your help.
Commander, we're looking at twenty hours work here, double shifts.
Commander, we're picking up a vessel leaving orbit.
Commander, we've lost contact with the away team.
Commander, weren't you offered the Drake?
Commander, what about the away team?
Commander, what are you doing here?
Commander, what are you doing?
Commander, what are you?
Commander, what are your intentions toward my daughter?
Commander, what do you think of Captain Okona?
Commander, what happened?
Commander, what have you got?
Commander, what is that?
Commander, what's the Captain up to?
Commander, who do you think you're working for?
Commander, who is she?
Commander, will you accompany Mister Worf to biolab four.
Commander, will you escort Investigator Krag to Transporter Room Three.
Commander, will you escort Miss Rogers to her quarters?
Commander, with this I can see better than your average person.
Commander, would you bend that?
Commander, would you enlighten us?
Commander, would you say you're a typical Federation officer?
Commander, you and Counsellor Troi will conduct Setal's interrogation.
Commander, you and I need to have a conversation.
Commander, you are needed on the Bridge.
Commander, you did everything you could.
Commander, you have anticipated my denouement.
Commander, you have crossed the Neutral Zone.
Commander, you have devoted your life to the study of cybernetics in general?
Commander, you have entered Federation space despite my warning.
Commander, you must come with us.
Commander, you must have been playing since you were young.
Commander, you're in charge of deploying the deflectors.
Commander, you're not eating very much.
Commander, you're working with the Prytt.
Commander, you've done well.
Commander.
Commanding Officer, Captain Jean-Luc Picard.
Commanding officer Enterprise arriving.
Comme c'est merveilleux de vous voir ici.
Commence arming sequence.
Commence loading the cargo.
Commence operations.
Commence rapid fire with all weapons on full.
Commence with attack as ordered.
Commencing evacuation procedures.
Commencing graviton emissions now.
Commencing warp engine shut down, sir.
Commendable, Lieutenant.
Comment is invited.
Common, hell.
Communicate with you?
Communication from Starfleet.
Communication is down, that's all.
Communication is not possible, sir.
Communication was handled through a subspace relay on board the vessel.
Communication's gone too.
Communication's gone.
Communication, understanding.
Communications are bound to be erratic.
Communications as long as conditions permit.
Communications have been erratic and there is some concern about their welfare.
Communications have been restored.
Communicators are dysfunctional.
Companion.
Comparable increase in neutron emissions.
Compare the differences with what we learned of Hugh's anatomy.
Compare these variations with established Romulan replication patterns.
Compared to the Enterprise's, our sensors are rather primitive.
Compared to them I'm just an enthusiastic amateur.
Compared to what we've just doing, this will be simple.
Compared to you, every male on this ship is an expert on women.
Compensate!
Compensate.
Compensating, sir.
Competition seems to bring out the best in the human male.
Competitive?
Complete the rite so I can kill this ha'DIbah.
Complete waste of time.
Complete your mission.
Complete your record scans and report back here.
Complete your scans, Data.
Complete, Captain.
Completely disrupted.
Completely irrelevant.
Completely out of our control.
Completely painless.
Completely unaffected.
Completely, and I refuse to place your ship in danger.
Complex systems can sometimes behave in ways that are entirely unpredictable.
Compliments of Gowron.
Compliments of the USS Enterprise.
Compliments on that, Doctor.
Compliments, Lieutenant.
Computer access the personal logs of Aquiel Uhnari.
Computer activate automatic helm control.
Computer beginning transport.
Computer glitch?
Computer identify musical composition.
Computer is coming back online, sir.
Computer lag.
Computer locate Captain Picard.
Computer locate Tam Elbrun.
Computer more birds.
Computer never even told me she was married.
Computer on.
Computer perform a level one diagnostic of the exocomp's command module.
Computer reads the ID number of Jake Kurland.
Computer ready.
Computer replay programme nine one four zero.
Computer reports simulated damage to several aft decks, sir.
Computer resources are limited.
Computer show me a table.
Computer standing by.
Computer target lock not functioning.
Computer today's appointment calendar.
Computer transport programme Crusher One.
Computer unlock this sequence and run the programme.
Computer wants to know how far to take the game.
Computer what is the treatment for transporter psychosis?
Computer's been slow all morning.
Computer's down, Reg.
Computer, I need my appointment schedule for next week.
Computer, I wish to know more about humour.
Computer, I'd like some place to play some music.
Computer, Lal gender sequence finalists.
Computer, Rosseau Five.
Computer, Thalian chocolate mousse.
Computer, a glass of water, five degrees.
Computer, access Captain Donald Varley's personal log.
Computer, access Starfleet Medical Database.
Computer, access autopsy files.
Computer, access correspondence files, Lieutenant Aquiel Uhnari.
Computer, access protected memory and run Moriarty programme.
Computer, access ship's medical logs and download current autopsy files.
Computer, access the exocomp's sensor logs.
Computer, access the transporter ID trace for	 Ambassador T'Pel.
Computer, access visual output.
Computer, acknowledge.
Computer, activate Picard Mozart trio, programme one.
Computer, activate anti-grav unit.
Computer, activate force field.
Computer, activate security containment field.
Computer, all senior officers report to the Bridge.
Computer, any members of the Acamarian delegation from the Tralesta clan?
Computer, are there any members of the crew of the Enterprise missing?
Computer, are you familiar with the inhabitants of Tau Alpha C?
Computer, assume these symbols are pulsars.
Computer, begin monitoring external temperature.
Computer, begin new programme.
Computer, begin random fluctuation of shield frequency and modulation.
Computer, begin scan phase.
Computer, belay that order!
Computer, belay that order.
Computer, biographical file on trader Kivas Fajo.
Computer, call up the files on the Elway Theorem.
Computer, call up the files on.
Computer, can you show me a picture of the inside of the Enterprise?
Computer, champagne.
Computer, configure a perimeter field charge, sections Nine K through Twelve T.
Computer, connect the DNA fragments according to protein link compatibility.
Computer, continue presentation.
Computer, continue recording and playback once more.
Computer, continuous playback please.
Computer, continuous scan, Captain Jean-Luc Picard, vital signs.
Computer, create a metal swing arm, double jointed, total length one metre.
Computer, create dance partner.
Computer, cross-reference the last entry with the previous search index.
Computer, current location of Commander La Forge?
Computer, current location of Doctor Dalen Quaice.
Computer, current whereabouts of Doctors Hill and Selar.
Computer, de-magnify.
Computer, deactivate all command functions.
Computer, deactivate food slot.
Computer, decrease illumination level by one third standard lux.
Computer, delay time?
Computer, delete the audio.
Computer, did I ask for a simulation?
Computer, did you change course?
Computer, dim lights.
Computer, direct subspace transmission to monitor.
Computer, disable all command functions in thirty minutes.
Computer, discontinue holodeck simulation created by Professor Moriarty.
Computer, discontinue image of Riker.
Computer, discontinue programme and erase.
Computer, discontinue programme.
Computer, discontinue radiation warning till further notice.
Computer, discontinue.
Computer, dispatches.
Computer, display Saturn NavCon file six dash three seven nine.
Computer, display an internal schematic diagram.
Computer, display grid delta seventeen.
Computer, display interior security grid.
Computer, display progress of genetic re-sequencing.
Computer, display the Engineering duty roster for the next three days.
Computer, display the latest excavation schematics on Landris Two.
Computer, display the transport logs for the sequence just completed.
Computer, do you have any, you know, personality on file for Doctor Brahms?
Computer, eliminate programme one.
Computer, eliminate programme three.
Computer, eliminate programme two.
Computer, emergency entry, Chief Medical Officer Beverly Crusher.
Computer, emergency order to Transporter room three.
Computer, emergency procedure.
Computer, end programme and save.
Computer, end programme!
Computer, engage emergency plan zed zed alpha.
Computer, enhance far left figure and compare.
Computer, enhance frontal lobe, full spectrum.
Computer, enhance image in section four delta.
Computer, estimated arrival at Pegos Minor.
Computer, estimated arrival time at the Neutral Zone?
Computer, execute complete shutdown of the Holodeck.
Computer, execute my original command.
Computer, exit holodeck.
Computer, explain Red Alert.
Computer, explain control malfunction.
Computer, file programme and clear.
Computer, fix the food slot.
Computer, freeze image.
Computer, generate a cross section image of the dilithium crystal chamber.
Computer, give me a bright light right above the table.
Computer, give me a graphic representation of the universe.
Computer, give me a location on Captain Picard.
Computer, give me two Klingon warriors.
Computer, go to Red Alert.
Computer, half volume.
Computer, halt.
Computer, highlight the section of the missing pattern.
Computer, holographic programme Spock One.
Computer, how long can life support be maintained?
Computer, how many entries are there for Darmok?
Computer, how much have the conversion levels increased?
Computer, how were the Argus reactors shut down?
Computer, hypothetical situation.
Computer, identify Riker, William T.
Computer, identify exit!
Computer, identify exit.
Computer, identify humanoid life form in biolab four.
Computer, identify malfunction immediately.
Computer, identify please.
Computer, identify the occupant of the detention cell.
Computer, identify type of radiation.
Computer, increase light level.
Computer, increase magnification, factor four.
Computer, increase nucleotide substitution by thirty two percent.
Computer, increase programme difficulty to level four.
Computer, increase temperature by five degrees.
Computer, initialise the reload circuits.
Computer, initiate nacelle field saturation.
Computer, inquiry.
Computer, interface with the central computer on the Enterprise.
Computer, interlock with the Klingon Imperial Information Net.
Computer, is the Ferengi Goss still on board the Enterprise?
Computer, is the Tarchannen simulation ready?
Computer, is there a cross section image we can replicate on a holodeck?
Computer, is there more than one USS Enterprise?
Computer, is this it?
Computer, isolate cause of life support failure.
Computer, just give me some guitar.
Computer, key access four one two mark eight zero.
Computer, let us see Thomas Raymond.
Computer, level two diagnostic on warp drive systems.
Computer, level two.
Computer, lights up.
Computer, lights!
Computer, lights.
Computer, link with the shuttle's onboard system.
Computer, load Bridge Officer's test, Engineering qualification section one.
Computer, load Manua programme one, time index fourteen four one.
Computer, load Manua simulation one.
Computer, load programme, Crusher One.
Computer, load programme, La Forge one.
Computer, locate Commander Data for me.
Computer, locate Commander La Forge.
Computer, locate Commander Morag and Lieutenant Uhnari.
Computer, locate Commander Riker.
Computer, locate Council Member Vash.
Computer, locate Counsellor Troi.
Computer, locate Ensign Ro.
Computer, locate Lieutenant Commander Data.
Computer, locate exact dates in which this signal beacon was in general use.
Computer, location of Counsellor Troi.
Computer, location of Doctor Beverly Crusher.
Computer, location of Lieutenant Barclay.
Computer, lower the surrounding light level.
Computer, magnify.
Computer, make a note.
Computer, make the handle a single grip ten centimetres long, solid metal.
Computer, make this a metal table.
Computer, modify holodeck programme Data seven three.
Computer, now replay shuttle audio transmission time index zero four two three.
Computer, open Uhnari correspondence file.
Computer, open holodeck five.
Computer, override previous programme.
Computer, override security lock on this door.
Computer, override standard procedure.
Computer, perform a level three diagnostic on the primary defensive systems.
Computer, perform a narrow bandwidth analysis.
Computer, perhaps I am not clearly defining my intent.
Computer, place a level three containment field around the warp core.
Computer, play Riker programme four, time index twenty four one.
Computer, please access all volcanic and tectonic plate activity in Drema Four.
Computer, please give us Klingon personnel appropriate to this event.
Computer, please replicate one viola.
Computer, prepare to depart.
Computer, prepare to transport me directly to the following coordinates.
Computer, produce a pair of scissors attached to the armature.
Computer, put controls on the restraining arm.
Computer, re-enable Bridge control.
Computer, read the entire crew roster for the Enterprise.
Computer, recognise Picard, Jean-Luc.
Computer, reconfigure structural integrity power to feed inner deflector grid.
Computer, reduce the height of the table by twenty five percent.
Computer, reduce thrust levels another four percent.
Computer, reinstate holodeck three programme.
Computer, release command control this station.
Computer, release compound ADTH into the airflow system, five parts per million.
Computer, remove La Forge.
Computer, remove the forcefield.
Computer, replay a visual of the last time index.
Computer, report on geologic instability on Beta Agni Two.
Computer, reset Borg simulation to time index two point one.
Computer, reset diagnostic for new sample and begin scan.
Computer, reset diagnostic for new sample, lot number four seven eight B.
Computer, reset diagnostic for new sample, lot number three six nine B.
Computer, reset environmental controls to standard.
Computer, reset for diagnostic of new sample.
Computer, reset simulation to time index two point one.
Computer, respond.
Computer, restore holographic image.
Computer, restore tactical station.
Computer, resume holodeck three programme.
Computer, resume normal illumination.
Computer, reverse simulation.
Computer, route all command functions to the Bridge.
Computer, route all command functions to this location.
Computer, run 'Isn't It Romantic'.
Computer, run Manua programme one, time code, fourteen three eight.
Computer, run Sherlock Holmes Programme three A.
Computer, run Tayna programme four, time index eighteen one four.
Computer, run Tayna simulation three.
Computer, run a diagnostic on all Sherlock Holmes files.
Computer, run another diagnostic on the input polarisers.
Computer, run diagnostic on module L seven three.
Computer, run fluidic sensor diagnostic.
Computer, run holodeck programme Krios One.
Computer, run hypothetical Krag one.
Computer, run level two diagnostic.
Computer, run me a diagnostic on the input polarisers.
Computer, run programme K'mtar alpha one.
Computer, run station logs in sequence.
Computer, run transformational matrix calculations.
Computer, save the programme of the character Moriarty, and then discontinue.
Computer, scan Starfleet records and create a simulation of Brevelle.
Computer, scan left and magnify.
Computer, scan the rift for regions of low instability.
Computer, scan the shuttle's structural integrity.
Computer, scan the storage capsule.
Computer, search for the term Tanagra.
Computer, secure Sickbay.
Computer, secure door.
Computer, security override request.
Computer, send a subspace message to Starfleet command.
Computer, sequence zero one zero.
Computer, shield status?
Computer, show me a rectangular conference table.
Computer, show me gestural language designation M nine.
Computer, shut down all transporter systems and shuttlebays.
Computer, shut off the music!
Computer, shut this bloody thing off.
Computer, situation analysis.
Computer, some jestral tea, please.
Computer, start music.
Computer, subdued lighting.
Computer, that is sufficient.
Computer, the shadow currently displayed in section B three, what is its source?
Computer, there were noises coming from the darkness.
Computer, this is Lieutenant Commander Data.
Computer, this is the Captain!
Computer, this isn't what I wanted at all.
Computer, this still isn't right.
Computer, three metre cross seal.
Computer, transfer all command codes to Captain Edward Jellico.
Computer, transfer all command codes to Captain Jean-Luc Picard.
Computer, transfer command to Engineering.
Computer, transfer power from warp engines to life support.
Computer, turn off that noise!
Computer, turn on the lights.
Computer, two Calaman sherries.
Computer, using vector analysis, identify the source of this shadow.
Computer, valerian root tea, hot.
Computer, water.
Computer, we are going to apply precise diagnostic methodology.
Computer, what are the current power conversion levels?
Computer, what happened to the log entries for stardate 46459?
Computer, what happened?
Computer, what is being displayed here?
Computer, what is beyond the mass energy field?
Computer, what is that mist I'm seeing?
Computer, what is the location of Alexander Rozhenko?
Computer, what is the time right now?
Computer, what is the time, please?
Computer, what is the time?
Computer, what programme is being run?
Computer, what was that?
Computer, what was the last known location of Commander La Forge?
Computer, what's happening?
Computer, where are the Captain and Commander Riker?
Computer, where is Admiral Riker?
Computer, where is Alexander Rozhenko?
Computer, where is Doctor Dalen Quaice?
Computer, where is Doctor Pulaski.
Computer, where is Jason Vigo?
Computer, where is Lieutenant Barclay?
Computer, where is Lieutenant Worf?
Computer, who is this L.
Computer, why wasn't the holodeck programme terminated?
Computer; stop at next level.
Computers are going down.
Computers have always impressed me with their ability to take orders.
Computers report heavy damage to Enterprise.
Con permiso, Capitan.
Concentrate a sensor sweep in that area.
Concentrate on how you felt.
Concentrate on the weapon systems.
Concentrate shields at that point.
Concentrate your scans on the EPS transfer links.
Concentrate.
Concern regarding them.
Concerned?
Concerns as to its success?
Concur?
Condemned to be a member of this lowest of species.
Condition Yellow.
Condition at this time?
Conduct an intensive scan of the area.
Conductor.
Conduits twelve and twenty two are still down for testing.
Conduits.
Conference evaluation.
Conference.
Confidence is faith in oneself.
Configuration, Romulan warbird.
Configuration, cubical.
Confine them both to their quarters.
Confinement beam's at one hundred nine percent of normal.
Confinement mode.
Confinement resolution point five two seven.
Confirm phase sequencer linkage.
Confirm, sir.
Confirmed by my readings, Captain.
Confirmed everything I've been saying.
Confirmed, Lieutenant La Forge.
Confronting deep personal issues is not easy for you.
Confuse it, delay it.
Confused.
Congratulations Picard.
Congratulations on little Molly.
Congratulations on your promotion, Lieutenant.
Congratulations!
Congratulations, Commander.
Congratulations, Data.
Congratulations, Doctor Reyga.
Congratulations, Doctor.
Congratulations, Kamin.
Congratulations, Mister Crusher.
Congratulations, Mister Mordock.
Congratulations, Mordock.
Congratulations, Professor, I capitulate to the better man.
Congratulations, Sir Guy.
Congratulations, mon capitaine.
Congratulations, sir!
Conn report.
Conn, are we still on schedule to arrive at Mordan in thirty eight hours?
Conn, where are you headed?
Connect it to the head of the table.
Connect the pulmonary support units.
Connect them.
Connecting two points through subspace?
Conor and I have had a relationship.
Conor out.
Conscious beings have will.
Consciousness in even the smallest degree.
Consciousness is an emergent property.
Consciousness, sir.
Consequences?
Conserving power until we got in close enough.
Consider it Captain's privilege.
Consider it a done deal.
Consider it a retainer.
Consider it an act of friendship.
Consider it considered, and rejected.
Consider it done.
Consider it my wedding gift to you, darling.
Consider serving with us.
Consider the first time a run-through, a rehearsal to shake out the flaws.
Consider the men and women you would lead into a lost cause.
Consider yourselves my honoured guests.
Consider, every ship in Starfleet with a Data on board.
Considerable damage has been done to the files themselves.
Considerable fire damage to interior surface reported, sir.
Considerably.
Considering how desperately this is needed, no, I don't.
Considering the power demonstrated by Q the last time, anywhere.
Considering this is a supervisory position, I'd go with her.
Considering what we've done, their response has been pretty temperate.
Considering what's at stake, they'll want to help.
Considering what's happened, I'm not sure the control systems are reliable.
Considering where we are, we must assume it isn't.
Consistent with what?
Consorting with lower rank females, Captain?
Conspiracy First officer's log, stardate 41775.5.
Constantly, my friend.
Constellation Class.
Constitution class.
Construction records?
Consumed by your own pain.
Contact Admiral Riker, Starbase two four seven.
Contact Ambassador Mauric.
Contact Commander Riker on Betazed.
Contact DS9.
Contact Farpoint Station.
Contact Gowron's ship.
Contact Mister Worf.
Contact Starbase Twenty three, that's the nearest outpost.
Contact Starfleet, request all logs of the Intrepid.
Contact Starfleet.
Contact have we had with them?
Contact imminent.
Contact in thirty one seconds.
Contact me from there.
Contact me when you have gained their support.
Contact me when you reach orbit.
Contact reestablished with Ventax Two, sir.
Contact someone there and have him interviewed.
Contact the Crazy Horse and the Agamemnon.
Contact the Ferengi vessel, Lieutenant.
Contact the Operations Officer to assist you.
Contact the USS Repulse using subspace captain's priority channel.
Contact the captain immediately.
Contact the leaders.
Contacts we cannot discuss.
Containment failure in ten seconds.
Containment field activated.
Containment field generator three is damaged.
Containment field is at critical.
Containment field stable.
Containment fields to flight tolerance.
Containment fields won't hold much longer.
Containment is restored.
Contemporary?
Contiguous external integument.
Continual fire, all phasers.
Continue a full sensor sweep.
Continue accelerating.
Continue firing!
Continue on into close parking orbit.
Continue phaser fire.
Continue quarantine.
Continue recording.
Continue repairs.
Continue rotating shield frequency.
Continue sending him updates on our schedule.
Continue the analysis.
Continue the compression attenuator for two more minutes.
Continue the evacuation of the Romulan ship.
Continue the hail, Mister Worf.
Continue the hail.
Continue the simulation.
Continue this and I promise you they will die.
Continue to monitor them.
Continue to teach.
Continue transmitting.
Continue with the testing, Mister Worf.
Continue your analysis.
Continue, Commander.
Continue, Doctor.
Continuing our appraisal of Ligonian technology.
Contraband.
Contract?
Contracts are usually between people who don't really trust one another.
Controls are not responding.
Controls are still offline, sir.
Controls not responding.
Controls to full stop, sir.
Controls.
Convection boundary uncoupling.
Convene your hearing.
Conventional neurotherapy has proven ineffective.
Conversation is necessary if we are to find a solution to our mutual problem.
Conversation is neither required nor desired.
Conversion into the opposite.
Convince her to go through with the wedding.
Convincing Starfleet Command to establish a blockade was relatively painless.
Cook's decent.
Coordinate auto-engage time sequence.
Coordinate with Tactical.
Coordinate your analysis with Mister La Forge.
Coordinates already laid in, sir.
Coordinates entered, sir.
Coordinates one four zero by two zero five, sir.
Coordinates received, sir.
Coordinates received.
Coordinates set in, Captain.
Coordinates set, Captain.
Coordinates set, sir.
Coordinates set.
Coordinates set?
Coordinates verified, sir.
Cordon off the wing.
Core density is becoming unstable.
Core temperature dropping.
Core transfer is engaged.
Corey, I'm not here to help you.
Corey, don't play him.
Corey, that won't solve anything.
Corey, there's got to be a better way to handle this.
Corey.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but this looks like a psychotropic reaction.
Correcting course.
Correcting thrust vectors to compensate.
Correction, Data, I should have said proverbial needle in a haystack.
Correction, Doctor.
Correction, Number One.
Correction, course one seven zero mark zero one four.
Correction, sir, that's blown out.
Corrosion, then?
Cortan Zweller?
Cortan?
Cortical activity approaching normal levels.
Cortical stimulator.
Cos a lot of me is in here.
Cos if it is, you gotta know that I ain't in the mood for funny.
Cost thousands of lives.
Costa was on duty in Engineering.
Could Deanna have picked up some kind of disease from her?
Could I have your names, please, just for the record.
Could I see you when you have a moment?
Could I take this with me?
Could I?
Could Timothy have imagined that, Counsellor?
Could a lack of dimension be another dimension in itself?
Could all this have been to test your loyalty?
Could anything he's proposing damage our system?
Could be a link to the disappearance of the colonists.
Could be a malfunction in the ship's warp field generator.
Could be a ship's log recorder, or a probe casing.
Could be minutes or hours.
Could be something wrong with the shields, Captain.
Could be the site of some battlefield.
Could be very confusing.
Could be, sir.
Could either one of them cause all these malfunctions?
Could exposure to Eichner radiation stimulate growth?
Could he be some kind of android?
Could he have accomplished the reprogramming that Data says took place?
Could he have actually injured you?
Could he have modified the device so he could use it without being detected?
Could he help us restore normal time?
Could his death have left some sort of empathic echo?
Could it be Lore?
Could it be a weapons array?
Could it be alive?
Could it be done from Engineering?
Could it be some sort of tractor beam?
Could it be telepathic?
Could it be that grandfather analogy that Graves planted in his head?.
Could it be the increased conductivity caused by the high saline content?
Could it be the magnetic interference, Data?
Could it be true?
Could it be under another name?
Could it be what's left of the Fleming?
Could it have been a Klingon disruptor?
Could it have been a natural phenomenon?
Could it have been another hologram?
Could my thoughts have changed this reality?
Could not be better.
Could not he have been lying?
Could plasma from the streamer have found its way into the ship?
Could she also be brought off the holodeck?
Could she be an alien?
Could she be another refugee from the Q continuum?
Could she be taken to quarters?
Could some kind of damping field have caused us to lose velocity?
Could someone from the D'Arsay system have built it?
Could someone survive inside a transporter buffer for seventy five years?
Could something like that protect us from the effects of the temporal fragment?
Could that be leakage from their engines?
Could that be the source of the friction?
Could that be used to filter out the genetic changes?
Could that mean give?
Could the T'Ong be disabled rather than destroyed?
Could the colonists have escaped?
Could the fuel inlet servos be caught in cycle?
Could the hum be connected to the flashing?
Could the same treatment work for us?
Could the sensors be malfunctioning?
Could there be Cardassian ships inside the McAllister nebula?
Could there be some sort of cloning involved here?
Could there have been some kind of interference from the Romulans?
Could there have had some sort of malfunction?
Could they be naturally occurring?
Could they have beamed an explosive device aboard?
Could they have materialised somewhere else?
Could this be human joke number six hundred sixty three?
Could this be some sort of tissue regeneration?
Could this distortion be caused by a cloaked ship?
Could this event have involved Hedril?
Could this have been a hoax?
Could this planet have escaped that?
Could this warp bubble be floating around the ship perhaps?
Could we alter the matter-antimatter paths?
Could we blow it into pieces?
Could we divert energy from the Bridge to those monitors?
Could we get through with our phasers?
Could we go back to 'you're becoming agitated'?
Could we have been mistaken?
Could we have stumbled across some sort of alien library?
Could we have two coffees, please.
Could we have?
Could we just continue with the evaluation?
Could we leave now?
Could we make that fourteen hundred hours, sir?
Could we not make a similar request on behalf of the Countess?
Could we pick this up in the morning, Geordi?
Could we send out reconnaissance probes to supplement the sensors?
Could we use the phasers to melt down the shell of the comet?
Could you be more specific?
Could you check the seismic stabilisers?
Could you come here, please.
Could you come up here?
Could you describe feeling angry without referring to other feelings?
Could you describe feeling hostile?
Could you do something for me?
Could you give me a hand?
Could you join us on the Bridge?
Could you open this door for me?
Could you pass the rolls?
Could you perhaps fail to tell the Pakleds that we were mining their ore?
Could you please continue the petty	 bickering?
Could you postpone our departure for just five minutes, sir?
Could you put it through to my Ready room?
Could you report to the Bridge, please?
Could you show me how to work the food dispenser?
Could you sit down?
Could you speak with him?
Could you spell your last name for me?
Could you take a look at the pattern buffers?
Could you take me there?
Could you tell Captain Picard something for me?
Could you tell us more?
Could your Visor device have malfunctioned?
Could your body handle that much current?
Could your friend have returned to the starbase without telling you?
Could your real mother just make all this appear?
Could've told you that.
Couldn't be better.
Couldn't get away from the Bridge?
Couldn't we adjust the biofilter?
Couldn't we replicate the elements that Tyken used?
Couldn't we talk this over?
Couldn't you just go sit on the chair?
Couldn't you see the fence?
Couldn't you use a global mode in your scanner?
Council Member Vash is not aboard the Enterprise.
Council leader Batai.
Council member Duras.
Counsellor Deanna Troi is in Sickbay, dying.
Counsellor Deanna Troi is pregnant.
Counsellor Deanna Troi.
Counsellor Troi had the good sense to ask for shore leave.
Counsellor Troi has admitted she believes he's capable of killing.
Counsellor Troi has altered her appearance.
Counsellor Troi has expressed misgivings about your absence from the Enterprise.
Counsellor Troi has fallen into a deep coma.
Counsellor Troi has regained consciousness.
Counsellor Troi is a Betazoid?
Counsellor Troi is a therapist.
Counsellor Troi is dying.
Counsellor Troi is familiar with
Counsellor Troi is taking care of the situation on deck seven.
Counsellor Troi just had a very disturbing hallucination.
Counsellor Troi to Captain Picard.
Counsellor Troi to any crew member, please acknowledge.
Counsellor Troi told me herself that feelings are not negative or positive.
Counsellor Troi's advice should be useful.
Counsellor Troi's body was a cake.
Counsellor Troi's ill.
Counsellor Troi, have you no influence?
Counsellor Troi, please have Riva report to the Bridge.
Counsellor Troi, please report to Sickbay.
Counsellor Troi, what is it?
Counsellor Troi, will you report to the guest lounge?
Counsellor Troi, would you accompany me to deck fourteen conference room.
Counsellor are you all right?
Counsellor!
Counsellor, I have a serious request to make of you.
Counsellor, I hope your mother gets better.
Counsellor, I must join Commander La Forge in Engineering.
Counsellor, I shall need a full profile on them.
Counsellor, I shall need you.
Counsellor, I think it's time you took me to meet Mister Conor.
Counsellor, I want you to assist me during this inquiry.
Counsellor, I want you to come too.
Counsellor, I want you to look through the personnel files of Utopia Planitia.
Counsellor, I want you to stay as close to the crew as possible.
Counsellor, I want you to stay with him.
Counsellor, I wanted to ask you about the crew.
Counsellor, I would appreciate some support in this matter.
Counsellor, allow me.
Counsellor, any thoughts?
Counsellor, anything would be helpful.
Counsellor, are you in position?
Counsellor, at this point I'm open to guesses about what we've just met.
Counsellor, could I speak with you in my Ready room?
Counsellor, couldn't you?
Counsellor, deep down I'm shaking.
Counsellor, did no one try to adjust their programming?
Counsellor, do they mean to carry out their threat?
Counsellor, do you believe a ship Captain should explain every order?
Counsellor, do you have a minute?
Counsellor, do you remember when I first came on board the Enterprise?
Counsellor, do you sense a lifeform out there?
Counsellor, do you sense an alien presence?
Counsellor, do you sense anything unusual on board the Enterprise?
Counsellor, exactly how shall I proceed?
Counsellor, gentlemen.
Counsellor, has the boy volunteered any further information?
Counsellor, have you been promoted in my absence?
Counsellor, how long will this behaviour last?
Counsellor, how's the boy?
Counsellor, it took me only moments to learn sign language.
Counsellor, it's imperative that I speak to the Captain.
Counsellor, it's not actually an infection.
Counsellor, music is a collection of acoustic vibrations.
Counsellor, perhaps you'd better go along as well.
Counsellor, sensors indicate five Mintakans in your immediate vicinity.
Counsellor, stay with them in Jeremy's quarters.
Counsellor, take a look at this.
Counsellor, take him to Sickbay.
Counsellor, thank you.
Counsellor, the painting that Commander Data gave me.
Counsellor, there's a funeral meditation.
Counsellor, these are bio-enzymatic supplements my people consume for food.
Counsellor, this feels like a perfect job for you.
Counsellor, this ship is travelling under cloak.
Counsellor, twenty.
Counsellor, we haven't been able to re-establish the safeties.
Counsellor, we no longer have a choice.
Counsellor, we're a few minutes away from separating the battle section.
Counsellor, what are these beings trying to tell us?
Counsellor, what is it you say?
Counsellor, what is it?
Counsellor, what's the last thing you remember the other night?
Counsellor, why don't you take the boy to my quarters.
Counsellor, will you bring Timothy to my Ready room?
Counsellor, will you escort her to Sickbay.
Counsellor, will you get those people under control.
Counsellor, will you go to Sickbay and investigate?
Counsellor, you okay?
Counsellor, you spent several days on a Romulan vessel.
Counsellor, you'd better come along.
Counsellor, you'll have to gather the parents.
Counselor Troi understands him better.
Count on it, sir.
Count on two more in the next few days.
Counter any moves the Zalkonian makes.
Counter with Talupian manoeuvre on instrument sighting.
Counter-punchers.
Countess, forgive me, but you just don't sound like a holodeck character.
Countess.
Counting coup-
Counting to clearance.
Countless lives have been lost.
Course and speed set.
Course corrected.
Course for 'audet Nine has been input.
Course is set, Captain.
Course is set, sir.
Course it's hot.
Course laid in for Durenia Four, sir.
Course laid in for Starbase Eighty Three, sir.
Course laid in for Styris Four, sir.
Course laid in, Captain.
Course laid in.
Course nine seven zero mark three one eight.
Course one four eight.
Course one one eight mark three five seven, full impulse power.
Course plotted and laid in.
Course plotted and set for Vagra Two.
Course plotted.
Course set and laid in, sir.
Course set by whom?
Course set, Captain.
Course set, sir.
Course shift is at one point one six degrees.
Course to Station McKinley ready and laid in, sir.
Course, one five one mark three three zero.
Cover the ship as planned.
Cover.
Coward!
Cowardice is a term that I have never heard applied to Tasha.
Cowards take hostages.
Cowards!
Cranial plate, bipedal locomotion, endoskeletal.
Create a pocket of their universe in ours.
Create an adversary capable of defeating Data.
Create as follows, workstation chair.
Creating a stable positronic matrix is very tricky.
Creatures whose beauty now dazzles all who see them.
Credit where credit is due, madam.
Crew rotation is scheduled, and we will be off-loading experiment modules.
Crew, two hundred and twenty nine.
Crewman?
Crewmembers should not be simulated in the holodeck.
Crewmembers.
Crime?
Criminal record?
Criminal, how plead you?
Criminal, you will read the charges to the court.
Criminals keep silence!
Crosis?
Cross-circuiting the door mechanism should be easy.
Cross-connecting that many units will be a little tricky.
Crossing light years as easily as we would cross a room?
Crude by our standards today, Data.
Crusher gets more shrill with each passing year.
Crusher to Counsellor Troi.
Crusher to La Forge.
Crusher to Lieutenant Worf.
Crusher to Medical unit one, evacuate and seal off all non-operational areas.
Crusher to Transporter room three.
Crusher to transporter room.
Crusher, Cartaino, Gleason.
Crusher, Hajar, Sito, Locarno.
Crystal Entity.
Crystal entity form, it's your old friend.
Crystal form, I identify myself as Data, advising you to stop your attack.
Crystalline.
Cup?
Curb his activity?
Curious isn't exactly how I'd describe it.
Curious sensation, actually.
Curious that I should hear him so clearly now that he is dead.
Curious till the end, eh, Captain?
Curious, isn't it.
Curious?
Curiouser and curiouser.
Current assignment, USS Enterprise.
Current feeds operating.
Current location, Ten forward.
Current position?
Current setting saved.
Currently.
Cursed you.
Custodian's room.
Custodian, can you show me where Harry is?
Custodian, show me Alexandra.
Custodian, show me Harry.
Custodian, show me Mason.
Custodian, this is Wesley Crusher.
Custody?
Cut the deck into two even piles.
Cute bunch.
Cute couple.
Cute.
Cutting the link to Locutus might be fatal to the Captain.
Cuzzo's the guy who iced Marty O'Farron.
Cybernetic intelligence fascinates me.
Cycle power through ventral relay.
Cyrus Redblock!
Cytherians.
D'Amato's been an exemplary officer.
D'Tan, you should not bring that out here.
DATA Possibly the formation of a Kerr loop from superstring material.
DATA [OC] Personal Log, supplemental.
DATA, lock on to the Yamato with a tractor beam.
DNA fragments?
DNA to seventy percent normal.
DaH!
DaHjaj SuvwI''e' jIH.
Dad came to me and told me not to follow him.
Dad!
Dad, I want to be an artist, but I don't want to take calculus anymore.
Dad, I'm really sorry.
Dad, wait!
Daddy?
Dado!
Daedalus class.
Daedalus-class starship.
Dahta, look at this.
Dahta.
DaiMon Bok.
DaiMon Goss departed the Enterprise at fourteen hundred hours.
DaiMon Goss, this is Devinoni Ral.
DaiMon Tog has returned to his vessel and the Ferengi have left orbit.
DaiMon Tog responding.
DaiMon Tog, I thought the Krayton left orbit hours ago.
DaiMon Tog, can't we strike a bargain?
DaiMon of the Ferengi.
DaiMon, clearly there has been some misunderstanding.
DaiMon, is this true?
DaiMon, they have regained consciousness.
DaiMon, your ship was adrift, your communications inoperative.
DaiMon.
Daily?
Dais in front of a stained glass window.
Dalen Quaice.
Dalen!
Dalen, I'm sorry to hear about Patricia.
Dalen, it's Beverly.
Dalen?
Dali.
Damage control teams are standing by on all decks.
Damage control teams, deck fourteen.
Damage control, medical team to Cargo bay four.
Damage on decks six and fourteen.
Damage report, Geordi?
Damage report, Mister Data.
Damage reports ready for your review.
Damage to the epidermis only.
Damage to the shuttle's starboard impulse nacelle, Captain.
Damage, Mister Worf.
Damn doctors!
Damn few answers.
Damn him, anyway.
Damn it Will, I know why it's happening.
Damn it to hell!
Damn it, Arridor, we're seventy thousand light years away from our ships.
Damn it, Data, what's going on?
Damn it, Geordi, I know what we have to do!
Damn it, Geordi, you're going to kill yourself.
Damn it, I couldn't get the license plate.
Damn it, I should have stayed with him.
Damn it, I was just trying to.
Damn it, I'm not stupid.
Damn it, Jean-Luc.
Damn it, Will.
Damn it, damn it, Captain.
Damn it, even I can see the umbilical cord is virtually uncut.
Damn it, no.
Damn it, who's out there?
Damn it, you nearly killed a member of my crew.
Damn right.
Damn you!
Damn you, Gosheven.
Damn you, Picard.
Damn you, Sobi.
Damn you, Worf.
Damn!
Damn, I said put fusion generators under surge control.
Damn, who could have pulled this off?
Damn, you are ambitious, aren't you, Shelby.
Damned if we know.
Dampeners not responding.
Dampers online.
Dan sensed that she, well, that she felt threatened by him.
Dan, it's me.
Dan, no!
Danar has escaped.
Danar is extremely adept, sir.
Danar may attempt to leave the ship that way.
Danar must have climbed up the reactor core and got into a Jefferies tube.
Danar!
Dancing.
Danilo Odell, sir, at your service.
Dara, if I could show you the work I have begun.
Dara.
Dardilion contains the byproduct nilizene.
Daren here.
Daren out.
Daren to Commander Riker.
Daren to perimeter team.
Daren to perimeter teams.
Dark?
Darkness.
Darling, I'm terribly sorry about what happened here.
Darling, let Tayna take care of that.
Darling, you have been so excitable lately.
Darling, you look like you looked twenty years ago.
Darling, you remain as aesthetically pleasing as the first day we met.
Darling.
Darmok and Jalad Tanagra.
Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra!
Darmok and Jalad, the beast of Tanagra.
Darmok is the name of a mytho-historical hunter on Shantil Three.
Darmok is the name of a seventh dynasty emperor on Kanda Four.
Darmok of Kanza.
Darmok!
Darmok.
Darwin Station, this is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise.
Darwin Station, this is the Enterprise.
Data ?
Data always fell for Riker's bluffs.
Data and Geordi are already in the nacelle tube.
Data and I have been working on a way to transmit what my visor sees.
Data and the alien are on their way down.
Data at Penthara Four!
Data attacked Counsellor Troi because he saw a mouth on her shoulder.
Data could assemble them back faster.
Data couldn't even do it.
Data do we have a tomographic imaging scanner on board?
Data ends up throwing both men across the bay.
Data enters and stands still.
Data found out that the woman you mentioned has a son named Jason.
Data had nothing to do with this, Lore.
Data has created an offspring.
Data has made first contact with Captain Picard.
Data here, sir.
Data is a Starfleet officer.
Data is a fine machine, but he cannot take the place of my chorus.
Data is a toaster.
Data is a valued member of my crew.
Data is an extraordinary piece of engineering, but it is a machine.
Data is an orphan in a manner of speaking.
Data is dead.
Data is going to be my guide.
Data is in Observation attempting to formulate a strategy.
Data is in Sickbay here.
Data is not capable of the emotions which you are assigning to him.
Data is not human!
Data is not sentient, no.
Data is the property of Starfleet.
Data launched that probe.
Data may have sacrificed himself for me.
Data must not be permitted to resign.
Data performs self diagnostic routines on a regular basis.
Data started to fluctuate phaser resonance frequencies.
Data tells me that the Federation has been accused of aiding Kriosian rebels.
Data to Captain.
Data to Commander Riker.
Data to Engineering.
Data to La Forge.
Data to Lieutenant Worf.
Data to Riker.
Data to Security.
Data to Sickbay.
Data to Worf.
Data to away team.
Data was available.
Data was just here.
Data was only
Data we've only seen the Crystalline Entity once before.
Data's Day Second Officer's personal Log, Stardate 44390.1.
Data's absolutely right.
Data's arranged for us to run those tests on you in the biometrics lab.
Data's away on assignment.
Data's behaviour would seem to suggest we did not.
Data's cat?
Data's figured out what it is.
Data's friend is going to die.
Data's got a preliminary report, if you're up to it.
Data's in the hydraulics room alone, and we're hearing laser blasts.
Data's my comrade.
Data's positronic net is still being transformed.
Data's right.
Data's was activated purposefully.
Data's will be right here.
Data, Captain Louvois has issued a ruling.
Data, Captain wanted me to bring you to the Bridge.
Data, Data, where are you?
Data, Data, whistle for me.
Data, Geordi, let's go.
Data, Geordi, take Doctor Rabal and begin an analysis of the rift.
Data, Geordi, we'll get a close look at this lab.
Data, Have you got a flush or a full house?
Data, Holmes really talked like that?
Data, I appreciate your concern.
Data, I came through this wall.
Data, I can barely see.
Data, I can sense feelings in you.
Data, I can understand how this could happen to the Ornarans.
Data, I can't find them.
Data, I can't help you.
Data, I can't maintain the integrity of the containment field.
Data, I gave you direct orders to get to Neutral Zone immediately.
Data, I had no idea you'd thought about getting married.
Data, I have an assignment for you.
Data, I have to destroy this.
Data, I haven't remembered a day for the last sixteen years.
Data, I interned with him on Delos Four.
Data, I mean, Holmes old boy, what are we looking for?
Data, I need help in locating some library computer information.
Data, I need those logs.
Data, I need to know what's on the shuttle's logs.
Data, I need you.
Data, I think it best that you and I should return to the holodeck.
Data, I think we ought to get together and compare notes.
Data, I think we should talk.
Data, I think we're on to something here.
Data, I think you should just leave.
Data, I want a complete report on the contents of these documents.
Data, I want this to be an away team of one.
Data, I want to be at Minos Korva in one hour.
Data, I want to have a look in here.
Data, I want to meet her, not dissect her.
Data, I want you and Geordi to return for more careful inspection.
Data, I want you to give me a hand locking down this plasma conduit.
Data, I want you to go down to the cemetery.
Data, I want you to sever the contact with Drema Four.
Data, I want you to stall Danar.
Data, I will see you in my office tomorrow at zero nine hundred hours.
Data, I would like to have been consulted.
Data, I would like you to make Timothy the best android he can possibly be.
Data, I'm almost finished reconfiguring the phaser banks.
Data, I'm going to give you a most unusual order.
Data, I'm picking up energy fluctuations over here.
Data, I'm right here that's me you're reading.
Data, I'm taking this ship down.
Data, I'm very familiar with that Handel piece.
Data, I'm wondering if you could give me a hand.
Data, I'm your friend.
Data, I've been there for over an hour and a half.
Data, I've decided not to go through with it.
Data, I've decided to give you something very, very special.
Data, I've rechecked every circuit.
Data, Juliana told me what she said to you last night.
Data, O'Brien and Troi tried to commandeer the ship.
Data, Please repeat the file.
Data, Ramsey and the prisoners are with us in the Great Hall.
Data, Worf, Doctor, you're with me.
Data, Worf, you've got the perimeter.
Data, Worf.
Data, Yar.
Data, all I'm sensing from you is anger and hatred.
Data, am I interrupting something?
Data, analysis?
Data, any analysis of those bolts of light it emits?
Data, any idea at all why you were given the colonists' memories?
Data, are there any other androids in Starfleet?
Data, are you alright?
Data, are you expecting Lore to come up here?
Data, are you familiar with Dytallix B?
Data, ask Governor Maturin's permission to exhume the body.
Data, assign it a neutral target.
Data, because it's polite.
Data, begin to modify the tachyon pulse.
Data, bring down the isolation door.
Data, call medics.
Data, can I ask you a personal question?
Data, can we be getting a false reading?
Data, can we beam up the injured?
Data, can we try again?
Data, can you filter out everything but that sound?
Data, can you focus the reflector field for me?
Data, can you locate the signal?
Data, can you see us?
Data, can you speculate as to the purpose of these reassignments?
Data, can you tap into their computer and clarify the situation?
Data, can you verify that?
Data, chess isn't just a game of ploys and gambits.
Data, chronologically, you're not much older than I am.
Data, come here and take a look at this, would you?
Data, come on, you're scaring me now.
Data, come take a look at this.
Data, consult the charts on this planet.
Data, cut your engines.
Data, did the sensors pick up anything unusual last night?
Data, did you consider juggling, weird bird calls, stuff like that?
Data, disconnect!
Data, disengage the tachyon pulse.
Data, do we have a link up to the Angosian central computer?
Data, do you believe that you're in communication with that object?
Data, do you even know what a joke is?
Data, do you have any information touching this on any file?
Data, do you have any plans right now?
Data, do you remember when Hugh was on the Enterprise?
Data, do you see us?
Data, do you think that's close enough for ferro-plasmic infusion?
Data, don't babble.
Data, don't give up on it.
Data, don't worry about it.
Data, don't you see?
Data, download all computers to the Enterprise and file.
Data, download this information to Medical immediately.
Data, escort her to Sickbay.
Data, especially important is an analysis of their combat capabilities.
Data, evacuate all the air from the Medical Lab.
Data, even Freud said, sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.
Data, everything's fading in and out.
Data, exactly what is it that are you're doing here?
Data, feelings aren't positive and negative, they simply exist.
Data, find a way to defeat that shield.
Data, find another way of salvaging the Raman.
Data, find the USS Pasteur.
Data, fuel flow?
Data, get that beam back.
Data, give me a phaser burst.
Data, give us a visual.
Data, has Counsellor Troi beamed up?
Data, have you been able to assess Commander Riker's condition?
Data, have you been in my quarters?
Data, have you ever considered training this cat?
Data, he knows some kind of gestural language.
Data, he was joking.
Data, how come you can do that?
Data, how far have we come?
Data, how long before we begin the transfer?
Data, how long would this take?
Data, how many people on that station?
Data, how you are feeling?
Data, if I didn't know you better, I would say you were a little preoccupied.
Data, if I may ask.
Data, if you were one of my human patients, I might be concerned right now.
Data, if you've got a theory about what's happening?
Data, in Tyken's experience did the crew exhibit behavioural changes?
Data, increase the magnification of section gamma four.
Data, intoxication is a human condition.
Data, is it possible to plant a command into the Borg collective consciousness?
Data, is it the same ship we faced at J two five?
Data, is there some other way to scan for a temporal disturbance?
Data, is this possibly related to the energy fields on the planet?
Data, is this yours?
Data, isn't Worf still a member of the Klingon High Council?
Data, isn't good and bad, right and wrong, a function of your ethical programme?
Data, isn't this exciting?
Data, it called you Father.
Data, it's just not the same.
Data, it's not that simple.
Data, it's not too late.
Data, it's over ten metres.
Data, it's very possible we are about to go to war.
Data, it's you.
Data, keep an eye on the stabilisers.
Data, keep the EPS flow constant will you, while I re modulate the power taps.
Data, launch another probe.
Data, let him go.
Data, let me give you one.
Data, let's do a detailed scan on every chip in this assembly.
Data, let's get those field taps online.
Data, let's proceed without the pipe.
Data, let's run a ship-wide diagnostic.
Data, let's see if we can correct this.
Data, listen.
Data, lock on the tractor beam.
Data, look at this.
Data, may I ask you something?
Data, monitor the shearing effect on the beam.
Data, my Visor's picking up subatomic fluctuations.
Data, over here.
Data, override its destination.
Data, people do not have internal chronometers.
Data, perhaps we're going about this the wrong way.
Data, pick up Whalen.
Data, please be right.
Data, please go to Lieutenant Yar and take her down to Sickbay.
Data, please sit down.
Data, please, feel free to volunteer any important information.
Data, plot a course away from the disturbance.
Data, prepare to jettison the module.
Data, project his new course.
Data, put the turbolifts back online.
Data, report!
Data, report.
Data, report?
Data, respond.
Data, run a biospectral analysis on this Borg.
Data, run a spectral field correlation for me.
Data, run comparison of known phenomena.
Data, say hello.
Data, scan analysis on main viewer.
Data, scan the Klingon central net.
Data, separate yourself from Captain Picard.
Data, shall we go?
Data, she could learn a lot by being with kids her own age.
Data, signal Parliament we'll be delayed.
Data, sit down.
Data, something has obviously gone wrong with your circuitry.
Data, sometimes a cake is just a cake.
Data, sometimes people blindly make the same mistake again and again.
Data, stop being so rational.
Data, take command.
Data, tell me about noranium.
Data, tell me if.
Data, that a look at this.
Data, that cat definitely has a mind of her own.
Data, that door at the end of this corridor.
Data, that plasma shock almost fused your neural net.
Data, that's a nice sentiment, but a little premature.
Data, that's all right.
Data, that's the nicest thing anybody's ever said to me.
Data, that's the one part of this plan that we're all absolutely sure about.
Data, that's very human.
Data, the cat is out of control.
Data, the containment field strength is down to eighteen percent.
Data, the drive section.
Data, the first batch is in place, and we're ready for the next.
Data, the girl who came on board.
Data, the shrieking noise you made.
Data, the tetryon emissions have intensified.
Data, the whole point in doing something like this is to make it by hand.
Data, there are times when every second does count.
Data, there might come some time in the future when she would find out anyway.
Data, there you are.
Data, there's half a million amps flowing through that arc.
Data, there's just something strange about the way you're acting.
Data, there's nothing on the screen.
Data, this could be some sort of embryo.
Data, this detonation better work.
Data, this has got to bother you a little.
Data, this is amazing.
Data, this is fascinating.
Data, this isn't right.
Data, this ship is less than a year out of Spacedock.
Data, those are two of your friends out there.
Data, try the other exit in the hall.
Data, turn up the input sensors.
Data, use our present location as a centre.
Data, visual on K'Nera.
Data, wait a minute.
Data, wait!
Data, was this man always standing right here.
Data, we deactivated you.
Data, we don't know that this can become alive.
Data, we have your section completely powered down now.
Data, we need a diversion, now.
Data, we're going to have to terminate the beam if this keeps up.
Data, we're talking about an experiment here.
Data, we've been attacked.
Data, we've been through this.
Data, we've got about twenty three thousand thermal simulations.
Data, we've got eight or nine minutes at most.
Data, what could have caused this collision of time and anti-time?
Data, what distance have we travelled?
Data, what do you read there?
Data, what do you read?
Data, what do you think is going on here?
Data, what do you think?
Data, what does he mean?
Data, what does the legend say about the end of the Tkon Empire?
Data, what happened over there?
Data, what have we got?
Data, what if I missed something?
Data, what if they're simply acting instinctively?
Data, what if we forced an EPS discharge through the impulse reactor.
Data, what information can you give us about the inhabitants of this system?
Data, what is it with the hair anyway?
Data, what is this?
Data, what ship is carrying the envoy?
Data, what the hell is it?
Data, what was the point in going to the holodeck?
Data, what's going on?
Data, what's happening?
Data, what's important is that you're trying.
Data, what's on your mind?
Data, what's our best bet for cover?
Data, what's the best way to go about finding Ramsey and the other survivors?
Data, what's the report on that broken sample container?
Data, what's the scariest thing that ever happened to you?
Data, what's wrong with you?
Data, where are you taking him?
Data, where are you?
Data, where else on this planet can I find someone she cannot intimidate?
Data, where have you been?
Data, where was Tasha's post?
Data, who programmed the new coordinates?
Data, who's that?
Data, why Starfleet?
Data, why are you laughing?
Data, why do you want to look at Doctor Tainer's medical records?
Data, why don't we take a look at their engine readouts?
Data, why don't you put on these lovely new clothes and sit on the chair.
Data, will you help me get to Sickbay.
Data, will you please tell me what's going on?
Data, will you wait for me in the corridor.
Data, would you consent to being examined by Commander La Forge?
Data, would you like my advice on how to help them?
Data, would you run a level two diagnostic on the warp subsystems?
Data, you are my First Officer.
Data, you are the bird.
Data, you beat him!
Data, you came.
Data, you can lock on to the first group and begin transporting on my mark.
Data, you do have a lot to offer.
Data, you do understand.
Data, you have the helm.
Data, you introduced us to each other.
Data, you join Commander Riker on the away team.
Data, you may be sturdy, but you're not indestructible.
Data, you must realise that something has happened to you.
Data, you never told me this was for the wedding.
Data, you seem to have developed an affinity with Elbrun.
Data, you shouldn't be afraid of dark imagery in your dreams.
Data, you sound as if you're stuck in a feedback loop.
Data, you spoiled the joke.
Data, you used a colloquialism.
Data, you were going to show us something.
Data, you will never know just how much I owe you for that.
Data, you're missing the point.
Data, you're moving about in a very, well, android way.
Data, you're my liaison to the Bridge.
Data, you're not going to submit.
Data, you're supposed to rip the wrapping off.
Data, you're the only one he's reached out to, because you rescued him.
Data, you've got ten minutes.
Data, you've got the Bridge.
Data, you've got to re-establish that beam.
Data, you've wanted emotions all your life.
Data.
Date of birth.
Date of birth?
Deactivate the baryon sweep immediately!
Deactivate the baryon sweep!
Deactivate the baryon sweep.
Deactivating neural callipers.
Deactivation of command function overrides requires Alpha Two clearance.
Dead ahead.
Dead before your time.
Dead stop, Captain.
Dead stop.
Dead, just like that.
Dead.
Deadwood street] the other end of the street.
Deadwood.
Deaf?
Deal the cards, Data.
Deal them up.
Deal with him however you like.
Deal, Data.
Dealer receives a nine.
Dealing with the reality of her existence?
Deanna Troi is just one individual.
Deanna Troi, Ship's Counsellor.
Deanna Troi, is that who you're going to visit?
Deanna Troi, meet, well, your future stepfather, come to think of it.
Deanna Troi, you ship's counsellor, half Betazoid, loves chocolate.
Deanna darling!
Deanna needs your help.
Deanna said you hurt your back, that you couldn't walk.
Deanna was impregnated by by what?
Deanna was quite good at languages when she was little.
Deanna was right.
Deanna's condition is deteriorating rapidly.
Deanna's job is to keep us from deluding ourselves.
Deanna's of no use to you.
Deanna, I do not regret being with you.
Deanna, I don't know if you can hear me.
Deanna, I don't understand what he's going to do.
Deanna, I have always considered you a close friend.
Deanna, I have something on my mind.
Deanna, I love you, but you do make everything sound like an epitaph.
Deanna, I pushed myself hard to get this far.
Deanna, I wanted to see how you were and have a look at your baby!
Deanna, I'm leaving for the surface.
Deanna, I'm sorry I intruded.
Deanna, I've always wanted to earn your respect.
Deanna, I've been fortunate to have access to your Betazoid abilities.
Deanna, I've delivered babies that no longer exist.
Deanna, I've never seen you quite so scared.
Deanna, are you alright?
Deanna, back off.
Deanna, could I talk to you in private.
Deanna, darling.
Deanna, dear, come with me.
Deanna, did you notice a strange man at the service?
Deanna, do you have a minute?
Deanna, do you really want to go through with this?
Deanna, facing death is the ultimate test of character.
Deanna, he's right.
Deanna, help him.
Deanna, how do you know so much about this period in Earth's history?
Deanna, if you take the Bridge Officer's test, you'll have my complete support.
Deanna, it's been so long.
Deanna, it's going to be a late night.
Deanna, it's just business.
Deanna, it's no different than one of us suddenly going blind.
Deanna, let's not waste this chance.
Deanna, my dear!
Deanna, nothing's working.
Deanna, perhaps before there is a next time, we should discuss Commander Riker.
Deanna, please!
Deanna, shame.
Deanna, stand by.
Deanna, thank you, but I'm all right.
Deanna, there's absolutely nothing to do, you nosey little girl.
Deanna, this is nothing personal.
Deanna, try to understand.
Deanna, we all went into this with the best intentions.
Deanna, we need you.
Deanna, welcome back.
Deanna, what?
Deanna, who's his mother?
Deanna, would you excuse us please?
Deanna, you are capable of so much love.
Deanna, you are my anchor.
Deanna, you were right about me.
Deanna, you're in Sickbay.
Deanna, your mother might still come out of this.
Dear God.
Dear friends.
Death and loss are an integral part of life everywhere.
Death first!
Death has made you a little dim, Jean-Luc.
Death is a normal part of life.
Death is irrelevant.
Death is part of war.
Death occurred at fourteen thirty hours from respiratory and renal failure.
Death occurred at twelve hundred forty hours.
Death of a coward, then.
Death, of course.
Debin, hold this position.
Debris is still being analysed.
Decades?
Deceive them?
Deceiving innocent people with her petty schemes for years.
Decelerating.
Deception is the way of the human.
Deception?
Decide on which points each of you wants in the contract.
Decisions were quick, punishments severe, appeals denied.
Deck Twelve.
Deck after deck of this ship is deserted now.
Deck fifteen, a few decks below the shuttlebay.
Deck fifteen.
Deck forty two contains the antimatter storage facility.
Deck four, section eight.
Deck four.
Deck one life support failure in ten seconds.
Deck one life support failure in thirty seconds.
Deck one life support failure in twenty seconds.
Deck one life support has been terminated.
Deck seven, section twenty three.
Deck seventeen!
Deck seventeen, section three alpha.
Deck seventeen?
Deck six, corridor B.
Deck sixteen.
Deck ten, forward station one.
Deck thirty six, section fifty two.
Deck thirty two.
Deck two.
Decks five through ten, proceed to transporters one, two, three and four.
Decks nine, twelve, and thirteen.
Decks seven through twelve are exposed to space.
Decks two through four to cargo transporters.
Decode.
Decompression danger, deck thirty six, section four.
Decompression danger.
Deduction, pure and simple.
Deductive reasoning is one of Data's strengths.
Dee, I sensed you were out here.
Deep convection patterns, proton reactions, neutrino count.
Deep enough for transport, sir.
Defeat.
Defector?
Defence systems are protected by access barriers.
Defence, communication, navigation.
Defensive shield output is four point three kilojoules.
Defensive systems offline.
Define parameters of programme.
Define real in context, please.
Define weird.
Definitely Federation starship.
Definitely an elephant.
Definitely entering orbital trajectory, sir.
Definitely human.
Definitely not you.
Definitely not!
Definitely not.
Deflector four is now inoperative.
Deflector power approaching maximum limits.
Deflector power banks approaching maximum.
Deflector shield failing.
Deflector shield power weakening, Captain.
Deflector shield technology has advanced considerably during the war.
Deflector shields holding, sir.
Deflector strength is down to twelve percent.
Deflectors also up.
Deflectors are breaking down.
Deflectors down to fifteen percent.
Deflectors nearing overload.
Deformation impact on deck fifteen, science section.
Dekyon field active.
Delegates?
Delete audio.
Deliberately?
Delicious, Marie.
Delicious?
Delighted to be here.
Delighted, Captain.
Delighted, sir.
Delightful.
Delta evasion plan initiated.
Delta five grid map is fully plotted.
Delta four point four by point five.
Delta vee is ninety two metres per second.
Delusion?
Delusional?
Demons of Air and Darkness, indeed.
Demonstrate it.
Demonstration?
Deng, decrease nutation by point four percent.
Density at eleven hundred grams per cubic centimetre.
Denying what I am.
Departed just over seven hours ago.
Departing Enterprise in exactly three seconds.
Depends.
Deploy shields, sir?
Deploy the fleet, Will.
Dern can do that.
Describe him to us.
Describe the disorder transporter psychosis.
Describe the exact moment when we appeared to freeze.
Describe the knife you used to cut the Counsellor.
Describe this threshold.
Describe, please.
Desensitise the brain areas troubling you.
Design specifications or prototype schematic.
Designation?
Desire.
Desire?
Desired time interval?
Despair.
Desperate!
Despite all my efforts.
Despite the facts, they will still believe.
Despite the risk of war, I have no choice but to break the stalemate.
Despite their cloaking shields, we have located the Klingon vessel, T'Ong.
Despite their problems, Lieutenant, we happen to like it here on Angel One.
Despite what happened to her, I still have that wish.
Despite what the Ornarans have been saying, it's not a medicine.
Despite your suggestion that I continue?
Desserts?
Destination Ficus sector.
Destination Septimus Minor.
Destination, sir?
Destroy it now.
Destroy it while you have a chance.
Destroy it with your phaser.
Destroy it!
Destroy that probe!
Destroy the Enterprise.
Destroy the Federation flagship, someone will listen.
Destroy the Pegasus before we've even taken a look at it?
Destroy the base now and the threat is over.
Destroy the outpost.
Destroy the patient.
Destroy the probe, sir.
Destroy the tricorder.
Destroy their ability to sustain this forcefield, sir.
Destroy us.
Destroy your own rather than suffer the ignominy of defeat and capture?
Destroy yourselves.
Destroyed in the exact same manner as your own.
Destroyed themselves, Data?
Destroyed, deliberately, after the crash.
Destructive to discipline, they say.
Detail?
Detain the vessel and quarantine the pilot.
Detecting an enemy vessel will be difficult.
Detective Bell, your cop friend, McNary's new partner, was here nosing around.
Determine a means of escape.
Determine if it's safe to beam it aboard.
Determine some way to keep the Enterprise up and running.
Determine what I'm going to do with my life.
Detonation at seven kilometres ahead of the cluster.
Developments in rocketry and fission resonate on into the twenty fourth century.
Devices?
Devidia Two, in the Marrab sector.
Devinoni Ral, human.
Devor isn't responding.
Devor, do you read me?
Devor, this is Kelsey.
Devour vessels?
DiMaggio streak reaches thirty seven?
DiMaggio, sir.
Diagnostic cycle will be complete in twenty seconds.
Did Ardra simply snap her fingers and transform the planet into this paradise?
Did Captain Picard ask you to come talk to me?
Did Commander Riker get the message?
Did Data say why he wants to see us?
Did Geordi miss something when he examined you?
Did I break it?
Did I carry on a conversation with thin air?
Did I do something wrong, Garvin?
Did I ever tell you how I came to be stationed here?
Did I find her?
Did I interrupt anything sordid, I hope?
Did I live here?
Did I mention my name is Finn?
Did I miss something?
Did I miss the fight?
Did I miss the point?
Did I not tell you as much?
Did I offended you?
Did I really do this?
Did I said something wrong, Captain Picard?
Did I say something funny?
Did I say something wrong?
Did I win?
Did Ira tell you that?
Did Jeremy Aster make that choice?
Did Kahless ever find his father's sword?
Did Lupo and the others from the lab put you up to this?
Did Manheim give you enough information to decipher the security code?
Did Masaka kill them?
Did Moriarty release the voice commands, Captain?
Did Reyga make that mistake?
Did Rita call?
Did Sovak tell you that?
Did Starfleet mention any Klingon ships in this sector?
Did Tasha have many friends here?
Did a great job.
Did any of them know why they'd the response?
Did any of this work?
Did any of you see the collision take place?
Did everyone get out in time?
Did everyone know about this except me?
Did he anticipate that these experiments might be dangerous?
Did he ask about me?
Did he blame me?
Did he die in battle?
Did he eat anything?
Did he ever make any comments that might, in retrospect, be suspicious?
Did he ever tell you why he never remarried?
Did he ever tell you why we're so close?
Did he fall?
Did he get along with his coworkers?
Did he grow out of it?
Did he have anything to say about this attack?
Did he say Wesley?
Did he say when?
Did he teach you how to make it?
Did humans really talk like that?
Did it evoke an emotional response?
Did it feel good to kill?
Did it give you pleasure?
Did it not occur to you that the war would be over by now?
Did it occur to you that she might like to stay the way she is?
Did it seem like minutes, hours?
Did it work?
Did she ever debate at the intergalactic caucuses on Chaya Seven?
Did she have a good night?
Did she mention feeling ill?
Did she not even pick up one piece of trash?
Did she say when the others were coming?
Did she say why?
Did she survive?
Did she talk at all about the colony?
Did she tell you about the father-son field trip this afternoon?
Did she?
Did someone say games?
Did something happen to you you don't want me to know about?
Did something hit us, Mister Worf?
Did that occur to you?
Did the Doctor believe I was boasting?
Did the shielding work?
Did the six who died offend you in some way?
Did the table do something wrong?
Did they attack the Yamato?
Did they capture you too?
Did they come aboard with Doctor Quaice?
Did they get married, did they have kids?
Did they order you to conceal the truth from us?
Did they send a signal before they were destroyed?
Did they send the right shuttle?
Did they show any interest in assimilating you or your technology?
Did they tell you?
Did this show up in your simulations?
Did we get him back?
Did we?
Did who say?
Did whut?
Did you administer them yourself?
Did you arrange an appointment?
Did you come back because you wanted me to look after you again?
Did you come back, Jean-Luc?
Did you come here for something in particular, or just general Riker bashing?
Did you come up with anything?
Did you copy that, Geordi?
Did you crash the ship into something?
Did you create the anomaly?
Did you damage your face, Data?
Did you do anything which might have set it off?
Did you do this one too?
Did you do this?
Did you do your best?
Did you enjoy going to school on Earth?
Did you ever feel that these patterns were attempting to communicate?
Did you ever hear him say anything?
Did you ever see him outside Sickbay?
Did you ever tell me that you are only a single being?
Did you ever think of that?
Did you expect otherwise?
Did you fear the punishment you would receive?
Did you feel an uncontrollable urge to push?
Did you find anything wrong?
Did you find our deception pleasing?
Did you find them all, Geordi?
Did you find water?
Did you forget your games?
Did you get a direct look at it?
Did you get authorisation for this communication from the Security Ministry?
Did you get it working?
Did you give a stardate?
Did you give him permission to contact me?
Did you give him those injections?
Did you go with her into her quarters?
Did you have a choice?
Did you have another dream last night?
Did you have any luck downloading the station logs?
Did you have any luck?
Did you have to?
Did you hear an echo?
Did you hear the uneasiness in his voice?
Did you hear what I said?
Did you hear what she said, Mordock?
Did you help him with his research, Counsellor?
Did you hit your head?
Did you input that new code?
Did you kill Lieutenant Rocha?
Did you kill that Cardassian soldier?
Did you kill that Cardassian?
Did you know Doctor Soong?
Did you know I'd beam over?
Did you know he has a name?
Did you know him, Captain?
Did you know that?
Did you know the boy from Nova Squadron who was killed?
Did you launch the probe I requested?
Did you learn anything about the relationship between that and the Edo?
Did you learn that from Commander Data as well?
Did you let him or any other Klingon aboard the station?
Did you let something happen to someone?
Did you like your teachers?
Did you make it to his office?
Did you not go to Sickbay?
Did you notice any change in his behaviour recently?
Did you or did you not swear me to secrecy about your off switch?
Did you paint these?
Did you read that book I gave you?
Did you read that, Data?
Did you read that, Geordi?
Did you really find a life form?
Did you really think using their identities would gain our sympathy?
Did you really think you would get away with this kind of fraud, Koroth?
Did you recognise any of them?
Did you reveal that risk to the men who volunteered for service?
Did you sabotage the project?
Did you saw something during transport?
Did you say two eight six or eight eight six.
Did you say uniform?
Did you say we, sir?
Did you see Walker?
Did you see anybody near the lab today?
Did you see anything when you went down there?
Did you see it, Father?
Did you see one of those mouths on my head as well?
Did you see that, Mister Data?
Did you see that?
Did you see the Captain and Commander Riker?
Did you see the buffet?
Did you see the look on Alexander's face when he saw the play area?
Did you see the looks on their faces?
Did you sense something from any of us at that time?
Did you seriously believe you would succeed?
Did you show the Administrator your evidence?
Did you signal the Hood, Commander Riker?
Did you take any other tricorder readings?
Did you think I didn't notice how you looked at him?
Did you think about me at all?
Did you think of that?
Did you think you could sneak away from me so easily?
Did you try hailing them?
Did you want to meet with Gul Lemec in here?
Did you who attacked the Enterprise?
Did you win a ribbon too?
Did your attention falter?
Did your contact tell you anything else that might be helpful?
Did your scans provide any insights into these comas?
Didn't I just say that?
Didn't anyone tell you weapons aren't allowed on Risa?
Didn't find a thing.
Didn't fool you, huh?
Didn't mean to interrupt you.
Didn't mean to offend you.
Didn't their government just collapse?
Didn't think you had it in you.
Didn't want to.
Didn't we agree not to let our relationship get in the way of our work?
Didn't we just do crew evaluation reports?
Didn't you ever wish you had kids of your own?
Didn't you hear him?
Didn't you hear?
Didn't you know that I was working for your best interests?
Didn't you order Scotch?
Didn't you order tea, sir?
Didn't you, Will?
Didn't your mother teach you manners?
Die well, Captain.
Die well, Larg.
Die.
Differences sometimes scare people.
Different configurations, different sizes.
Different from your Starfleet records.
Different in appearance, yes.
Different mental processes generate different chemicals.
Different perspectives on progress.
Different programme.
Different species, yes.
Different than a few hours ago?
Different.
Differential stress will exceed upper limit in fifteen seconds.
Difficult decision.
Difficult for you?
Difficult to explain, Captain.
Difficult to make a judgment, sir, based on the absence of information.
Difficult to stay warm.
Difficult under the circumstances.
Difficulties?
Difficulty getting a clear sensor reading beyond four thousand kilometres.
Difficulty level, Novice.
Dilation has gone to seven centimetres since the onset of labour.
Dimensional shift, sir.
Dimensional shifting is such an unstable procedure, sir, that I cannot say.
Dimensional shifting?
Dimensions, Worf?
Dinner at eight?
Dinner is served.
Dinner tonight?
Dinner?
Diplomacy.
Diplomatic initiative appears to be succeeding.
Diplomatic law, first contact procedures, Bridge operations.
Direct all evacuees to decks nine and ten.
Direct heading to Farpoint Station.
Direct hit on our port nacelle.
Direct hit on their aft deflectors.
Direct hit on their main reactor.
Direct hit to the port nacelle.
Direct hit, deck nine.
Direct hit, no damage.
Direct mind to mind contact is our only hope.
Direct your view to the far corner, sir.
Direct?
Directions unclear.
Director Mandl and the others are in the Observation Lounge as you requested.
Director Mandl was less than enthusiastic about our interest.
Director Mandl, I put it to you again.
Director Mandl.
Dirgo!
Dirgo, I can't.
Dirgo, move toward the fountain.
Dirgo.
Disable the containment overrides and get the interlocks off the magnetic seal.
Disable the ship, and K'Temoc will destroy it himself.
Disable their offensive systems.
Disabling the detection system so her forces could attack.
Disadvantages.
Disappear before O'Brien's eyes.
Disarm them.
Disbursement slightly faster than expected.
Discard your facades and reveal your true being to me.
Discharge in fifteen seconds.
Discharge in three seconds, two, one.
Discharged?
Disconnect Mister Barclay from the computer.
Disconnect the power-transfer beam.
Disconnect the transfer beam.
Discontinue Comic.
Discontinue whatever it is you're doing.
Discontinue, Mister La Forge.
Discontinue.
Discovering Commander Riker with his wife didn't help matters.
Discreetly?
Discretion will be required.
Discussion is irrelevant.
Disease was rampant.
Disease?
Disembodied.
Disengage all engines.
Disengage cloak on my command.
Disengage modified beams.
Disengage the cloaking device, Commander.
Disengage the tachyon pulse.
Disengage tractor beam.
Disengage weapons and shields.
Disengage.
Disengaging safety systems.
Disengaging.
Dishwasher's drunk all day, but at least he gets here on time.
Disintegrated?
Disintegration is continuing.
Disintegration is imminent.
Dismissed.
Dispersal pattern, sierra.
Display Volnoth's birth record again.
Display any anomalous programming sequences.
Display engine logs and power data of both vessels.
Display sensor schematic.
Display sensor sweep, maximum range.
Display those sequences.
Dispose of that.
Dispose of them as you see fit.
Disregard incongruity and theorise as to source.
Disregard that order.
Disregard.
Disruptive?
Disruptors fully charged.
Disruptors offline.
Disruptors online.
Disruptors powering down.
Disruptors still not responding.
Disruptors were ineffective.
Disruptors would be ineffectual.
Distance five oh six kilometres.
Distance two hundred kilometres.
Distance, seventeen kilometres.
Distance, two point three parsecs.
Distortion wave impact in five seconds.
Distortion wave intensity has increased by a factor of ten.
Distortion waves occurring every fifty nine seconds.
Distract the guard for me.
Distress beacon used by the European Hegemony.
Distress signal?
Distress.
Distribute the device to all starships currently docked there.
Distribution nodes.
Disturbance?
Divert all power to shields!
Divert emergency life support to those decks.
Divert power from anywhere you need it.
Divert that turbolift to a position near Lieutenant Worf's present location.
Diverting power to forward sections now.
Diverting warp energy to main deflector.
Diverting warp power to the shields.
Dix, you in there?
Dixon Hill around?
Dixon Hill.
Dizziness?
Dizzy.
Do I always have to have a reason to stop by?
Do I ask Adrienne or Suzanne to the spring dance?
Do I detect a little selfless act?
Do I detect a streak of yellow along the good fellow's back?
Do I have competition?
Do I have it right?
Do I have the necessary skills to complete that mission alone?
Do I have the perfect man for this job.
Do I have to call Security to force you to report to the Sickbay?
Do I have to hit you with my fist before you tell me what happened?
Do I have you to thank for getting me back?
Do I hear anger in your voice?
Do I hit, Texas, or do I stand?
Do I keep my eyes open, or closed?
Do I look as bad as I feel?
Do I look conscious?
Do I look like it's bothering me?
Do I look miserable to you?
Do I need another reason?
Do I really seem that different?
Do I seem like the kind of person who could murder someone?
Do I take my holiday on Corsica or on Risa?
Do I want to know how close that was?
Do I?
Do Klingons fear death as much as humans?
Do all humans give up so easily?
Do all the women there have eyes like yours?
Do any of the substances break down into by-products that are not scanned for?
Do any of you know Edward Jellico?
Do as Data says.
Do as he says.
Do both of us have to be telepathic for it to work?
Do glorious battles no longer inspire your dreams?
Do humans have mothers and fathers?
Do it gently.
Do it, Mister Worf.
Do it, do it.
Do it, mother.
Do it?
Do me a favour, Wes.
Do not allow.
Do not answer.
Do not apologise, Doctor.
Do not approach me unannounced, especially when I'm eating.
Do not argue with me.
Do not attack again!
Do not attempt to leave orbit.
Do not be afraid.
Do not be alarmed, Captain.
Do not be apprehensive.
Do not be concerned, Counsellor.
Do not be distressed.
Do not be fooled by her looks.
Do not be so literal.
Do not be upset, my friend.
Do not bore me with your human pleasantries.
Do not come any closer.
Do not concern yourself with that.
Do not continue to enlist the cooperation of Lieutenant Worf.
Do not deceive yourself.
Do not deny it.
Do not deny the challenge of your destiny.
Do not drink it all at once, and if possible, try not to drink it alone.
Do not enjoy yourself too much on Risa.
Do not err by embracing it again, for you only embrace death.
Do not fire.
Do not forget my rank.
Do not forget that a leader need not answer questions of those he leads.
Do not forget what he does here today.
Do not forget you have loyalty to Starfleet above all else.
Do not give me orders, Koroth.
Do not initiate that power transfer.
Do not insult me.
Do not insult us both by denying it.
Do not interfere with my children below.
Do not interfere with our transporter beam.
Do not interfere!
Do not interrupt the captain.
Do not interrupt.
Do not let my title inhibit you, Klingon!
Do not let them take us, Worf.
Do not let your children forget.
Do not listen to him, Commander.
Do not make me search your ship.
Do not mock me, Lady Marian.
Do not patronise me, sir.
Do not press me, Klingon.
Do not pursue this matter further.
Do not rejoice prematurely.
Do not relax your security for an instant, Captain.
Do not risk any more lives by leaving the Neutral Zone.
Do not show your face in this town again.
Do not stand before the wind, Gowron.
Do not stop until you have the answer.
Do not test my tolerance.
Do not think about what happened.
Do not think of it as a weapon.
Do not tie my hands now.
Do not toy with me, Picard.
Do not try to drive a wedge between us, Captain.
Do not try to trick us.
Do nothing he demands.
Do nothing that he asks.
Do nothing.
Do pick up work for the Federation long enough and it'll happen to you, too.
Do sit down.
Do something and millions could die.
Do tell us.
Do that a few more times and we're all gonna get well!
Do that move again.
Do the best you can, Data.
Do the doctors know?
Do the memories you were given include farms, Data?
Do the modifications and send out the pulse.
Do the sensors scan for those?
Do they accept our presence at this planet?
Do they have our coordinates?
Do they intend to destroy it?
Do they know of our Prime Directive?
Do they know what's in these containers?
Do they mistreat you there?
Do they not speak of beings like the kind I've seen?
Do things look that different?
Do this one just like the last time.
Do those things frighten you?
Do we dare oppose it?
Do we go back to Earth?
Do we go back?
Do we have a choice?
Do we have a problem, Doctor?
Do we have an agreement?
Do we have an onboard communications system?
Do we have any emergency power?
Do we have clearance?
Do we have their position?
Do we have them securely, Lieutenant?
Do we have time for this?
Do we have time to see your office?
Do we have to ask why?
Do we have warp engines yet?
Do we know that for sure?
Do we know the source of their transporter beam?
Do we know what caused the breach?
Do we know what she was doing when this happened?
Do we know where these things came from, Mister Worf?
Do we look like farmers to you?
Do we owe our thanks to Commander Data, sir?
Do we return their fire, sir?
Do we stay here with you?
Do we stay out here years?
Do we to fall upon ourselves like a pack of Ferengi?
Do we truly need to send our Chief Engineer over to them?
Do we want the Federation as our enemy?
Do we want to die here like helpless children?
Do well for both of us, okay?
Do what to you, Little One?
Do what you can to accomplish that, Counsellor.
Do what you feel is necessary.
Do what you have to do, Counsellor.
Do what you have to do.
Do what you have to.
Do what you must, Captain.
Do what you said.
Do whatever you can to get them out of warp.
Do whatever you can to outrun it.
Do you also require the original logs recorded during the attack, Lieutenant?
Do you always sit there, on that side of the table?
Do you always visit the prisoners?
Do you assist your husband in his work?
Do you believe I haven't thought of that, Jean-Luc?
Do you believe I love you?
Do you believe he can be made to function?
Do you believe him?
Do you believe it to be the right decision for them to marry?
Do you believe me?
Do you believe my suggested course of action should be followed?
Do you believe that I lured the Entity here?
Do you believe that we are in some ways alike, sir?
Do you believe that you've discovered the remains of Colonel Richey?
Do you believe that?
Do you believe the Empire would be better off without our protection?
Do you believe there is a threat to the Federation in this struggle?
Do you believe this Guinan?
Do you believe this is one of those times?
Do you care to surrender now, Captain?
Do you carry weapons?
Do you concur, Number One?
Do you concur?
Do you consider Sarek capable of carrying out his mission?
Do you consider your position so weak that it cannot withstand debate?
Do you dare?
Do you deny that you are responsible for disabling my vessel?
Do you deny that you care for this woman?
Do you disagree, Doctor?
Do you do it every night?
Do you do this all the time?
Do you enjoy living dangerously, Galen?
Do you ever drop one?
Do you ever talk to him?
Do you ever think about him, Mom?
Do you ever wonder if we did the right thing?
Do you execute criminals?
Do you expect this battle to be won?
Do you feel ready for it?
Do you feel that there is an alternative we're overlooking?
Do you feel up to it?
Do you find me attractive?
Do you find me unattractive?
Do you foresee such a circumstance occurring?
Do you forget I have always been your equal, dear Holmes?
Do you forgive me?
Do you fully understood, Data?
Do you give yourself up for judgement?
Do you happen to know what time the intercessor's office across the way opens?
Do you have a better idea, Geordi?
Do you have a communication system here?
Do you have a decision?
Do you have a favourite?
Do you have a feeling that you've done this before?
Do you have a file on all the work you've done?
Do you have a friend?
Do you have a minute to join me in Sickbay?
Do you have a minute, Jean-Luc?
Do you have a minute?
Do you have a mother ship who should be advised of your condition?
Do you have a point to make, Commander?
Do you have a preference?
Do you have a recommendation?
Do you have a ship in orbit?
Do you have a theory as to the cause?
Do you have an auto-eject system?
Do you have an explanation?
Do you have an organic sample from the planet below?
Do you have any basis for that conclusion?
Do you have any children, Captain Picard?
Do you have any children, Guinan?
Do you have any clothes around here I could borrow?
Do you have any evidence of that?
Do you have any facts that fit this?
Do you have any further advice, Counsellor?
Do you have any idea how Moriarty could have gained control of the ship?
Do you have any idea how committed she is to remaining with Starfleet?
Do you have any idea what caused this, sir?
Do you have any idea what it is, or what it means?
Do you have any idea what it was?
Do you have any idea what killed her?
Do you have any idea what might have taken him to Romulus?
Do you have any idea what that could be?
Do you have any idea what's going on?
Do you have any idea what's wrong with me?
Do you have any idea where it went?
Do you have any idea who I am?
Do you have any idea who was behind the attack?
Do you have any idea who's responsible?
Do you have any idea why Hedril would make my mother sad?
Do you have any idea why he might have disappeared like this?
Do you have any idea why that might be?
Do you have any idea?
Do you have any ideas, Data?
Do you have any members of your family we should notify?
Do you have any memory of my calling Red Alert in Spacedock?
Do you have any of my son's memories?
Do you have any other children?
Do you have any physical ailments I should know about?
Do you have any proof?
Do you have any questions about the ceremony?
Do you have any suggestions, Admiral?
Do you have any suggestions?
Do you have any theories about his true origin?
Do you have any theories?
Do you have anything else on them?
Do you have anything to add to your testimony?
Do you have anything to say before sentence is carried out?
Do you have anything to say to them?
Do you have battery backup?
Do you have evidence that Reyga was murdered?
Do you have injuries?
Do you have its etiology?
Do you have means of pursuit?
Do you have one?
Do you have relationships with others?
Do you have something?
Do you have the chair, Commander?
Do you have the exact location?
Do you have the money I asked you to bring?
Do you have the necessary tools to realign the coil?
Do you have to hold that thing that close?
Do you have visual contact?
Do you intend to blast a hole through the viewer?
Do you intend to dispute them?
Do you judge your condition good?
Do you know Admiral Brand?
Do you know Jeremy well?
Do you know a better way?
Do you know any Klingon opera?
Do you know anything about it?
Do you know anything about them?
Do you know anything about this, Mister Data?
Do you know baseball?
Do you know him?
Do you know his whereabouts now?
Do you know how I made it through?
Do you know how it was developed?
Do you know how long we have searched for a home?
Do you know how many of our people they killed on Solarion Four?
Do you know how many of them there might be?
Do you know how old I was when I was abandoned?
Do you know how she acquired the disc in the first place?
Do you know how she was able to train her cat?
Do you know how to deactivate this?
Do you know how to spell Enterprise?
Do you know how volatile trilithium is?
Do you know how?
Do you know of any other survivors?
Do you know of any reason why he might do that?
Do you know that for a fact, Kevin?
Do you know that your dilithium crystals are going to fracture?
Do you know the background?
Do you know the nature of Doctor Manheim's work?
Do you know the strength of our enemies?
Do you know us?
Do you know what I've decided?
Do you know what a court martial would mean?
Do you know what all this is about?
Do you know what business they might have together?
Do you know what could?
Do you know what desire is, Data?
Do you know what desire is?
Do you know what funny is?
Do you know what happened to them?
Do you know what happened?
Do you know what he's going to do?
Do you know what it is?
Do you know what it says?
Do you know what it was that stuck you?
Do you know what that ship might be?
Do you know what that song means?
Do you know what that was all about?
Do you know what the infection is?
Do you know what the odds are on a five card charlie?
Do you know what they're trying to do?
Do you know what this being is?
Do you know what you are doing?
Do you know what's going on?
Do you know what's remarkable about empathic metamorphs?
Do you know where I can find them?
Do you know where he is?
Do you know where she went?
Do you know where they are?
Do you know where they went?
Do you know where we are?
Do you know where we can find Orta?
Do you know where we could obtain some more?
Do you know which transporter was used?
Do you know who I am?
Do you know who any of these people are?
Do you know who it is?
Do you know who it was?
Do you know who they are?
Do you know whose voice activates it?
Do you know why the Romulans are keeping you here?
Do you know why you did it?
Do you know, when I first met the formidable Doctor Beverly, what, ten days ago?
Do you know?
Do you like Commander Data?
Do you like dessert?
Do you love me?
Do you mean God?
Do you mean dreams?
Do you mean his argument was that good?
Do you mean like a family.
Do you mean my world?
Do you mean the Romulan engine core?
Do you mind a little advice?
Do you mind if I join you?
Do you mind if I tell you something?
Do you mind if we discuss changes in procedure before you make them?
Do you mind if we take one of these with us and have our people study it?
Do you mind thinking of something else.
Do you need any help, Doctor?
Do you need help?
Do you need me?
Do you need medical help?
Do you need more time to study it?
Do you need some help?
Do you need to be comforted?
Do you need to talk about it?
Do you not believe what you see with your own eyes?
Do you not remember the Battle of Maxia?
Do you not see an inherent conflict of interest here?
Do you not see that, sir?
Do you not wish to sleep, sir?
Do you not, human?
Do you object to the question?
Do you people have experience treating Cardassians?
Do you petition to enter the Empire?
Do you plan to leave life forms here?
Do you predict any change in the near future?
Do you prefer Will or William?
Do you read me, sir?
Do you read?
Do you realise how many great advancements of mankind have been tied to speed?
Do you realise that they can turn this lovely world of ours into a graveyard?
Do you realise the dangers involved in what you are proposing, Captain?
Do you realise what you're saying?
Do you realise you've embarrassed your Captain?
Do you realise, brother, I can help you become more human?
Do you really think he's moving through time?
Do you really think it is possible?
Do you really think this has a chance of succeeding?
Do you really think we're going to find the Pegasus again?
Do you really?
Do you recall if anything unusual happened there?
Do you recall the night you introduced Jack Crusher to Beverly?
Do you recognise anything, Data?
Do you recognise it?
Do you recognise me?
Do you recognise this, the stun setting?
Do you recognize this planet, Data?
Do you recommend that we proceed?
Do you recreate them on a holodeck?
Do you regret what happened last night?
Do you remember any of this, Jono?
Do you remember anything about where you are now?
Do you remember anything else?
Do you remember anything more about yourself?
Do you remember anything more?
Do you remember anything?
Do you remember how we all felt when Tasha died?
Do you remember me?
Do you remember telling me about the Bat'leth tournament?
Do you remember that folk melody I played for you this morning?
Do you remember that?
Do you remember the day you first came aboard this ship?
Do you remember the first change?
Do you remember the last time we saw each other?
Do you remember the parrises squares tournament of 'twenty four?
Do you remember the route you took to return?
Do you remember what I taught you, Imzadi?
Do you remember what you were like then?
Do you remember your name?
Do you remember, sir?
Do you remember, we contacted Starfleet and asked them about you?
Do you remember?
Do you require assistance?
Do you respond?
Do you see any problems connected with this old starship coming in, Number One?
Do you see anybody?
Do you see it?
Do you see me?
Do you see now the advantages of being completely human?
Do you see what is happening here, Mister Worf?
Do you seek Jamaharohn?
Do you seriously believe that the Federation will not immediately intervene?
Do you seriously expect me to accept those terms?
Do you smell a change?
Do you still profess to be prepared for what awaits you?
Do you still think the real Kahless will return someday?
Do you still want to be one of us, Data?
Do you suppose all of this has changed the way people think about me?
Do you suspect that her death poses some kind of threat to the Enterprise?
Do you take me for a fool?
Do you think Data could be right?
Do you think Doctor Reyga killed himself?
Do you think I am responsible?
Do you think I cannot see for myself the implications for the Federation?
Do you think I didn't notice how you looked at her?
Do you think I didn't notice how you were looking at each other?
Do you think I have irreparably damaged my relationship with him?
Do you think I would humiliate myself like this?
Do you think anyone here will listen to you?
Do you think anyone would object to our arriving ahead of schedule?
Do you think either of these phenomena could produce enough of them?
Do you think he felt abandoned?
Do you think he see us as prey?
Do you think he understands?
Do you think he will come?
Do you think he's ready for that?
Do you think he's responding to some predatory instinct?
Do you think information like that stays a secret?
Do you think it could have been sabotaged?
Do you think it might have something to do with ego?
Do you think it'd be all right if I dropped in just to say hi?
Do you think it's just trying to make contact with us?
Do you think it's safe enough to return to the surface?
Do you think it's wise for you to go there alone?
Do you think maybe your systems have been affected?
Do you think she may harm herself?
Do you think she'll want to remain an enfeebled mortal?
Do you think so, really?
Do you think that Orta would cooperate with us to determine the truth here?
Do you think that makes you appear courageous?
Do you think that we attacked your outposts?
Do you think the others will think this service appropriate?
Do you think the wings are too big?
Do you think there's a murderer on board?
Do you think there's enough evidence to prove his innocence?
Do you think there's enough food here, Data?
Do you think there's really a place like that?
Do you think they'll toe the line?
Do you think this Ronin could be exerting some sort of influence over her?
Do you think this is what happened with your hand?
Do you think this will interfere with your duties?
Do you think we are blind?
Do you think we are in danger from this plague?
Do you think we should go to a Level One?
Do you think we'll need to put in to a starbase?
Do you think we're going to find that too?
Do you think you can help him?
Do you think you could thin it out a bit?
Do you think you have the monopoly on loss?
Do you think you were right?
Do you think you'll ever come back?
Do you think you'll ever try to create an android again?
Do you think you're the only one in pain?
Do you think you're up to it?
Do you think you've gained his confidence?
Do you think you've had about enough?
Do you two know something?
Do you understand me, Commander?
Do you understand my meaning, Captain?
Do you understand now?
Do you understand pain?
Do you understand vunderkind?
Do you understand what I am saying?
Do you understand what it would do to the colony?
Do you use it to help others?
Do you visit other systems?
Do you want a card or what?
Do you want a doctor?
Do you want another?
Do you want anything?
Do you want him?
Do you want it described here, sir?
Do you want me to become ill?
Do you want me to check the personnel logs?
Do you want me to come back?
Do you want me to fire from this position?
Do you want me to help you up?
Do you want me to leave?
Do you want me to take you there?
Do you want one?
Do you want our world to suffer?
Do you want some?
Do you want someone to accompany you?
Do you want something for the pain?
Do you want the arriving vessel on main viewer, sir?
Do you want this mission to succeed?
Do you want this to become violent?
Do you want to be the prey forever?
Do you want to go back with the Borg or stay with us?
Do you want to know the sex of the kittens?
Do you want to know why I killed her?
Do you want to sell them?
Do you want to send a message?
Do you want to stay?
Do you want to take her into orbit, Data?
Do you want to try to find those who left you here?
Do you want us to attempt to disarm it?
Do you want your supper now, too?
Do you wear your skin protector outdoors?
Do you wish a frank evaluation?
Do you wish me to deactivate Lal?
Do you wish the bodies returned?
Do you wish to claim leadership of the Council?
Do you wish to evacuate any non-essential personnel to the Enterprise, sir?
Do you wish to hear my report, sir?
Do you wish to input any commands?
Do you wish to leave orbit, sir?
Do you wish to leave the holodeck and re-enter, or continue from this point?
Do you wish to override, Commander?
Do you wish to participate?
Do you wish to rescind our agreement?
Do you wish to resign?
Do you wish to speak to him now?
Do you wish to speak, Acting Ensign Wesley Crusher?
Do you wish to terminate the current programme?
Do you withdraw your surrender?
Do your best, Ensign.
Dobara, you go on ahead.
Doc.
Docked.
Docking latches clear, separation complete.
Doctor !
Doctor Apgar killed himself during his attempt to kill Commander Riker.
Doctor Apgar wanted to have a word with him.
Doctor Apgar, I'm Commander William Riker.
Doctor Apgar?
Doctor Apollinaire felt he had entered the algid stage.
Doctor Barron, you're on the Enterprise.
Doctor Barron, your report describes how rational these people are.
Doctor Beverly Crusher reporting.
Doctor Beverly, I would never hurt you.
Doctor Beverly, could we talk for a moment?
Doctor Brahms is ready to transport, sir.
Doctor Brahms, there's no reason for us to argue.
Doctor Brahms, you have an incoming message on subspace.
Doctor Brahms?
Doctor Clark, this is Captain Picard.
Doctor Clark, we are barely able maintain communication with you.
Doctor Crusher and Counsellor Troi.
Doctor Crusher and I are prepared to conclude our negotiations.
Doctor Crusher and I are ready, Radue.
Doctor Crusher and I discovered that the exocomp did not fail the test.
Doctor Crusher and I have been working on an interesting premise.
Doctor Crusher and her assistants are waiting in Transporter room three.
Doctor Crusher asked me to steer you past Sickbay.
Doctor Crusher believes my paralysis to be permanent.
Doctor Crusher doesn't know the cause of her condition, but I believe you do.
Doctor Crusher doesn't know what's causing it or how to treat her.
Doctor Crusher feels I'm responding well to the treatment.
Doctor Crusher feels that your mother's condition is worsening.
Doctor Crusher had me set the coordinates.
Doctor Crusher had me working on a shipwide diagnostic.
Doctor Crusher has been hit by a disruptor blast at point blank range.
Doctor Crusher has been keeping me informed of your progress.
Doctor Crusher has examined Troi, Data and O'Brien.
Doctor Crusher has no knowledge of any of Starfleet's plans.
Doctor Crusher has positively identified Captain Picard's DNA.
Doctor Crusher has repaired my injury with her usual skill.
Doctor Crusher has repaired the damage to his long-term memory.
Doctor Crusher has temporarily altered our features and skin colour.
Doctor Crusher here, Captain.
Doctor Crusher here.
Doctor Crusher is a Staff Officer, Radue.
Doctor Crusher is expecting you in Sickbay.
Doctor Crusher is in her quarters.
Doctor Crusher is seriously hurt.
Doctor Crusher is still making her determination.
Doctor Crusher just asked me to help her with the laboratory schedule.
Doctor Crusher just called me with the results of the DNA comparison.
Doctor Crusher to Bridge, urgent.
Doctor Crusher to Captain.
Doctor Crusher to Data.
Doctor Crusher to Doctor Hill.
Doctor Crusher to Ensign Crusher.
Doctor Crusher to Picard.
Doctor Crusher to Riker.
Doctor Crusher to Wesley Crusher.
Doctor Crusher to the observation lounge at once.
Doctor Crusher told me I had a concussion but I do not remember that happening.
Doctor Crusher told me a few days ago that it hadn't.
Doctor Crusher told me you think I was in some kind of battle.
Doctor Crusher told us that you might not remember.
Doctor Crusher wants to make sure the new implants have taken hold.
Doctor Crusher was not here.
Doctor Crusher will explain.
Doctor Crusher will help you, so just hold on.
Doctor Crusher will join us shortly.
Doctor Crusher will monitor our responses.
Doctor Crusher's converted the holodeck into an isolation ward.
Doctor Crusher's got everything under control, Geordi.
Doctor Crusher, I'm right here.
Doctor Crusher, I've decided that I can't stay.
Doctor Crusher, are you all right?
Doctor Crusher, are you ready?
Doctor Crusher, flood the cargo bay with your containment field.
Doctor Crusher, have you been monitoring all this?
Doctor Crusher, have you observed Crewman Tarses with J'Dan?
Doctor Crusher, he's awake.
Doctor Crusher, incoming wounded.
Doctor Crusher, join me in Transporter room three.
Doctor Crusher, medical emergency, room four.
Doctor Crusher, meet me in transporter room two with a medical away team.
Doctor Crusher, meet us in Transporter room six immediately.
Doctor Crusher, prepare for a Medical Emergency.
Doctor Crusher, report to Transporter room three.
Doctor Crusher, report to the Bridge.
Doctor Crusher, some of this may interest you.
Doctor Crusher, this is Third of Five.
Doctor Crusher, what do you think you're doing?
Doctor Dalen Quaice.
Doctor Farallon has attended only reluctantly.
Doctor Farallon.
Doctor Farek!
Doctor Freud, I am curious.
Doctor Ja'Dar, how closely will the Enterprise need to follow the test vehicle?
Doctor Jo'Bril, can you give us an estimate of the plasma turbulence?
Doctor Jo'Bril, can you hear me?
Doctor Jo'Bril, listen to me.
Doctor Jo'Bril?
Doctor Joshua Campbell, report to station ops.
Doctor Julian Bashir, Chief Medical officer, Deep Space Nine.
Doctor Kate Pulaski.
Doctor Katherine Pulaski.
Doctor Katherine Pulaski?
Doctor Kingsley, are you ready to transport?
Doctor Kingsley, this is Kate Pulaski.
Doctor Kingsley, what is the nature of your emergency?
Doctor Leah Brahms, engineer.
Doctor Manheim forgot to mention one of his security precautions, sir.
Doctor Manheim is awake and asking to speak with you, Captain.
Doctor Manheim, I did not come here to discuss your wife.
Doctor Manheim, I'm Captain Picard.
Doctor Marr has isolated the access code.
Doctor Marr, do you hear me?
Doctor Marr, do you wish to change the frequency?
Doctor Marr, we must return to the intermittent signal.
Doctor Marr, you have made it clear that my presence disturbs you.
Doctor Martin will monitor your vital signs while I conduct the scan.
Doctor Moseley's computers can accomplish the same task, sir.
Doctor Noonien Soong.
Doctor Ogawa was.
Doctor Ogawa?
Doctor Pulaski asked me to make sure you actually went inside.
Doctor Pulaski informed me of your desire to play a game of Strategema.
Doctor Pulaski is being shown to her quarters.
Doctor Pulaski is on holodeck two.
Doctor Pulaski is unwilling to trust the turbolifts.
Doctor Pulaski to the Bridge.
Doctor Pulaski, I celebrated my thirty fifth birthday a week ago.
Doctor Pulaski, are you ready?
Doctor Pulaski, how is Lieutenant Worf?
Doctor Pulaski, join us in Transporter room three for an away detail.
Doctor Pulaski, report to Shuttlebay two.
Doctor Pulaski, this is Sarjenka.
Doctor Pulaski, you are needed in Shuttlebay two.
Doctor Quaice had been stationed at the starbase for some time?
Doctor Quaice?
Doctor Rabal?
Doctor Reyga has offered to demonstrate his invention.
Doctor Rozhenko may not have had sufficient warning.
Doctor Selar, your present location?
Doctor Soong created an emotion chip.
Doctor Soong hoped to provide me with an amalgam of the colonists' memories.
Doctor Soong made me perfect in his first attempt.
Doctor Soong.
Doctor Stubbs, I know how much this means to you.
Doctor Stubbs, if you would like to make one final inspection of the unit.
Doctor Stubbs, these nanites are now working with a new collective intelligence.
Doctor Stubbs, your own actions have provided evidence to the contrary.
Doctor T'Pan is practically a legend in the field of subspace morphology.
Doctor Tainer, I get the impression you are trying to spare my feelings.
Doctor Tainer, we'll meet you in transporter room two.
Doctor Timicin, allow me to present Lwaxana Troi of Betazed.
Doctor Timicin, would you clear all this mess from the table, please?
Doctor Timicin.
Doctor Warren is here.
Doctor Watson is right here, Holmes.
Doctor, Commander Data has informed me of your situation.
Doctor, Commander Riker was just here looking for you.
Doctor, Commander, make it so.
Doctor, Counsellor.
Doctor, I assume you will want to remain here.
Doctor, I believe it would be prudent to return to the Enterprise.
Doctor, I do not believe we can offer any guarantees.
Doctor, I don't think that's possible.
Doctor, I don't understand.
Doctor, I have no memory of you.
Doctor, I have scanned the journals of the colonists.
Doctor, I must ask you to stop using the exocomps.
Doctor, I need to know anything you can tell me about that ophidian.
Doctor, I ran a full spectrographic analysis, section by section.
Doctor, I suggest that you return to your quarters.
Doctor, I think Commander Data will do very nicely.
Doctor, I want an autopsy performed on the other one.
Doctor, I want you back aboard this ship.
Doctor, I will be the judge of reasonable.
Doctor, I will not attempt to leave Sickbay without your approval.
Doctor, I would ask that you not require me to be more specific.
Doctor, I'm not trying to put any pressure on you.
Doctor, I've got an idea.
Doctor, are you all right?
Doctor, are you aware everybody is behaving strangely?
Doctor, are you busy?
Doctor, are you injured?
Doctor, believe me.
Doctor, contact Dulisian Four and confirm this distress call.
Doctor, continue emitting the signals.
Doctor, could a human host carry him?
Doctor, did you hear what I said?
Doctor, do you think those could be warning signs that he's losing interest?
Doctor, every person on that ship over there died.
Doctor, go with him.
Doctor, have you ever scanned your samples for gamma radiation?
Doctor, have you prepared a Sickbay facility to accommodate our guests?
Doctor, here's the result of the tissue scan you asked for.
Doctor, how desperate is the colony's situation?
Doctor, how will you end the experiment?
Doctor, if at all possible, we will continue this mission as planned.
Doctor, if you're speaking of the Lantree, we encountered it a few hours ago.
Doctor, in response to my sixth question, you spoke of a neural stimulator.
Doctor, is Geordi well enough to answer some questions?
Doctor, is it possible for a ship to survive in there?
Doctor, is there any health risk to Counsellor Troi if the foetus is aborted?
Doctor, is your title scientific or medical?
Doctor, it is all right.
Doctor, it is not safe.
Doctor, it's an important consideration.
Doctor, it's no use checking my eyesight.
Doctor, may I ask a favour of you?
Doctor, may I see you in my Ready room?
Doctor, monitor him closely.
Doctor, my ship and crew need me now.
Doctor, neural energy is now three hundred forty percent above normal.
Doctor, now that Wesley's safe, go to Sickbay at once.
Doctor, one does not beam down to Starfleet Headquarters armed.
Doctor, one of the specimens is growing.
Doctor, our options in a quarantine situation are extremely limited.
Doctor, over here!
Doctor, perhaps it would be beneficial to show me the final lesson.
Doctor, perhaps you are thinking of another patient.
Doctor, remember, there are only five of us.
Doctor, report.
Doctor, return to the intermittent signal.
Doctor, she has to know.
Doctor, stop the transmission.
Doctor, tell me.
Doctor, thank you.
Doctor, the Ambassador is not well.
Doctor, the Captain is quite capable of command decisions.
Doctor, the station must be evacuated.
Doctor, there are other ways to challenge oneself.
Doctor, there is a big difference between you and a virus, but both are alive.
Doctor, there is evidence of residual bitrious matter in the soil.
Doctor, there is no need to insult me.
Doctor, there must be a cure.
Doctor, these people are facing their deaths down here.
Doctor, they have nine patients in the outpost infirmary.
Doctor, this is Lieutenant Commander Data.
Doctor, this is going to have no impact on my report.
Doctor, this seems to be a situation more suited to your talents.
Doctor, this way please.
Doctor, we may have a solution.
Doctor, we understand that Darwin Station is involved in genetic research.
Doctor, we were not unconscious for a full day.
Doctor, we will proceed at your discretion.
Doctor, we'll be arriving at Starbase one three three in a few hours.
Doctor, we're experiencing the rapid onset of geriatric phenomena.
Doctor, we're pretty much ready here.
Doctor, we've located the soliton wave.
Doctor, what do the tests show?
Doctor, what exactly is this?
Doctor, what is going on?
Doctor, what is the definition of life?
Doctor, what is the state of the shuttle crew?
Doctor, what was your impression of Graves?
Doctor, where is Lieutenant La Forge?
Doctor, would this virus have any effect on Mister Data?
Doctor, you are endangering yourself and the away team.
Doctor, you are female.
Doctor, you believe the Mintakans are capable of harming Counsellor Troi?
Doctor, you have seemed preoccupied since we surveyed the Kallisko.
Doctor, you said it would help if you knew the source of this.
Doctor, you surprise me.
Doctor, you're coming with us, too.
Doctor, your job will be to locate and destroy any biotoxins we may find.
Doctors always over-protect their patients.
Does Anya know you're here?
Does Captain Picard know you're doing this?
Does Data have a soul?
Does Ensign Ro have any family?
Does Riker, William T.
Does Sarek have any idea why Spock might have left?
Does Temba mean fire?
Does anyone else have anything to say?
Does anyone know you are gone?
Does anyone read us?
Does everybody have a best friend?
Does he deserve to die?
Does he have a name?
Does he have any evidence?
Does he have any friends?
Does he have evidence?
Does he have it?
Does he have life?
Does he have many friends?
Does he have thoughts?
Does he still speak of reunification?
Does he understand the situation?
Does her husband know anything about this?
Does it appear to have all your parts?
Does it get any easier?
Does it have to be today?
Does it have to do with you?
Does it hurt?
Does it make you gentle?
Does it pose a danger to the ship?
Does it really matter?
Does it show?
Does it speak to you?
Does my brother doubt my ability to raise my son as a Klingon?
Does my crew know yet?
Does no one here understand your incredible good fortune?
Does she live or does she die?
Does she understand the magnitude of these decisions?
Does that custom extend also to brutalising this surrogate son?
Does that invalidate the emotion?
Does that mean I am not alive?
Does that mean you no longer believe this is the real Kahless?
Does that mean you're going to buy it?
Does that not describe becoming a parent, sir?
Does that not please you?
Does that seem wise?
Does the Admiral have children?
Does the Captain understand what you and Geordi reported about those weapons?
Does the Federation dictate Klingon destiny or do we?
Does the First Officer agree?
Does the question of familiarity have some bearing on death?
Does the rift pose any danger to the Fleming?
Does the sequencer require any buffering system to eliminate interference?
Does the supply ship have any weapons?
Does the thought of my having contact with them make you uneasy?
Does this have something to do with Captain Picard?
Does this have something to do with the Klingons you rescued from Carraya Four?
Does this hurt?
Does this ionisation pose a threat to Mister Barclay?
Does this mean there's nothing here for you to eat?
Does this mean you're going to cancel the concert this evening?
Does this sound like a reasonable course of action to you?
Does this stir any memories, Data?
Does this waveform match that of any known communication format?
Does wrestling with a Klingon targ ring a bell?
Does you have any idea what this is about?
Does your family know where you are?
Does your food synthesiser know how to make an Arcturian Fizz?
Does your hair grow?
Does your map show us a way out of here?
Does your mother keep personal logs or a journal?
Doesn't always work with aliens, but humans?
Doesn't answer our communiques.
Doesn't gik'tal mean to the death?
Doesn't he deserve to become more than that?
Doesn't he ever have any fun?
Doesn't he realise that I am a daughter of the Fifth House of Betazed.
Doesn't it taste good?
Doesn't it?
Doesn't look like it's going to end any time soon.
Doesn't love always begin that way?
Doesn't make much sense, does it?
Doesn't matter if you're from the moon, hon.
Doesn't matter to me.
Doesn't matter who.
Doesn't seem to want to give up any secrets.
Doesn't sound like the same man that Lieutenant Uhnari described.
Doesn't sound too serious.
Doesn't that area control higher reasoning?
Doesn't that bother you?
Doesn't that make you happy?
Doesn't that say something about my character, too?
Doesn't your village keep a chronicle?
Doing so right now, Captain.
Doing very well so far.
Doing what?
Dokachin.
Dolls that represent the different spirits that come to this place.
Dolphin?
Don't I get a say in this?
Don't I wish.
Don't anticipate.
Don't apologise to him.
Don't ask me about surprises.
Don't ask me how, but he even looks younger.
Don't ask me to explain them.
Don't be a fool!
Don't be a fool, Corey.
Don't be a fool.
Don't be a stubborn fool.
Don't be absurd, Mother.
Don't be absurd.
Don't be afraid of your darker side.
Don't be afraid.
Don't be alarmed.
Don't be discouraged, Ro.
Don't be foolish, Picard.
Don't be foolish.
Don't be frightened.
Don't be modest.
Don't be naive.
Don't be ridiculous, Data.
Don't be ridiculous, Doctor.
Don't be ridiculous.
Don't be so hard on me, Jean-Luc.
Don't be so tense, Neil.
Don't be sorry for me.
Don't be sorry.
Don't be surprised if you see my name on that list.
Don't be too hard on yourself.
Don't believe this, Will.
Don't bet on it, Picard.
Don't blame me for knowing you so well.
Don't bother, Commander, you can't remove it.
Don't call her that.
Don't call me Captain.
Don't call me sir.
Don't complain if you've turned me into a scientist.
Don't confuse style with intent.
Don't count on it.
Don't cry, Deanna.
Don't cry, mommy's here.
Don't depend on it.
Don't do Counsellor Troi.
Don't do anything yet.
Don't do it, sir.
Don't do this!
Don't do this, this, this you do with men.
Don't drink that!
Don't eat it.
Don't evade the question.
Don't even bother to ask.
Don't even think about it.
Don't even think that!
Don't ever go past a white marker.
Don't expect too much sympathy from me.
Don't expend unnecessary energy.
Don't fidget now.
Don't fight it.
Don't fight me.
Don't fire until you have to.
Don't fire.
Don't follow me any further.
Don't fool yourself.
Don't force it.
Don't forget that, Kentor.
Don't forget that.
Don't forget the trip, Jean-Luc.
Don't forget these.
Don't forget.
Don't fret, Riker.
Don't get any ideas.
Don't get me wrong, Jean-Luc, but I'm glad we're not joined at the hip anymore.
Don't get out of character, Commander.
Don't give in to fear.
Don't give it another thought.
Don't give me that Klingon nonsense.
Don't give up your day job.
Don't give up your music.
Don't give up.
Don't go away.
Don't have to stay.
Don't help him.
Don't interfere with his actions unless you hear otherwise from me.
Don't interfere.
Don't jostle her too much.
Don't judge me too harshly either, until I've finished.
Don't judge the young man too harshly.
Don't know about a two-dimensional universe though.
Don't know.
Don't lecture me, Counsellor.
Don't let anyone get near it.
Don't let him run off.
Don't let him threaten you.
Don't let it go to your head.
Don't let me see it.
Don't let our soldiers frighten you.
Don't let them be alone together.
Don't let them change the dice on you.
Don't let them do this to us.
Don't let this just happen again, Mister Crusher.
Don't lie to me.
Don't like my company?
Don't listen to him, Captain.
Don't listen to him, Gloria.
Don't listen to him.
Don't listen to me.
Don't listen.
Don't look at me.
Don't look at your hand, honey.
Don't look so surprised.
Don't make any aggressive movements.
Don't make any deals with that slime, Dix!
Don't make it difficult for the boy.
Don't make me come after you.
Don't make me confine you to quarters as well.
Don't make me go.
Don't make the same mistake twice.
Don't make this too easy.
Don't make us pay for your guilty conscience.
Don't mention it.
Don't misunderstand me, Counsellor.
Don't misunderstand me, I have great respect for your father.
Don't misunderstand.
Don't move it on my account.
Don't move!
Don't patronise me.
Don't play coy with me, Captain.
Don't play him.
Don't play the wounded Klingon for me, Duras.
Don't pretend the two of you are enemies.
Don't provoke them further.
Don't pursue him.
Don't push it away.
Don't push your luck.
Don't remind me.
Don't respond.
Don't risk everything you've worked for.
Don't rob her of that, son.
Don't rush it.
Don't satisfy its curiosity.
Don't say it, think it.
Don't say that.
Don't say you're sorry.
Don't sedate him.
Don't send our two peoples back down that same path again.
Don't send them back yet.
Don't sit up too quickly.
Don't stare.
Don't start calling me Doctor Brahms or I'll call you Commander La Forge.
Don't start.
Don't stop, my friend.
Don't struggle, Data.
Don't struggle.
Don't swallow it.
Don't take anything for granted.
Don't take him too seriously, Dix.
Don't take it personal, like.
Don't take this personally, but Will is in his prime.
Don't talk about legal rights.
Don't talk about me in the third person like I'm not standing right here!
Don't talk back to me!
Don't tell me he's going to pass up another commission?
Don't tell me that we're the only ones.
Don't tell me we're going back?
Don't tell me you're tired.
Don't tell me you're trying to teach the cat to use the console.
Don't tell me, let me guess.
Don't tell me.
Don't tempt me.
Don't thank me.
Don't the two of you ever stop arguing?
Don't they know that?&nbsp; RIKER; Regulations so call for a Yellow Alert.
Don't they know who I am?
Don't they seem a little slow?
Don't think I have one.
Don't think of it as a fight, Kate.
Don't think twice about it, Commander.
Don't touch him!
Don't touch him.
Don't touch me!
Don't touch that.
Don't trust anyone.
Don't try and stop me!
Don't try so hard to be human.
Don't try to fool me, I can tell.
Don't try to move.
Don't try to talk me out of it, Jean-Luc.
Don't twitch a whisker, Sheriff, unless you want a shave.
Don't underestimate them, Commander.
Don't use any muscles you don't need.
Don't want to come up short.
Don't we have a call to pay on the Romulans, Captain?
Don't wish that, Beverly.
Don't worry about Captain Picard.
Don't worry about a thing, Captain.
Don't worry about it, Sam.
Don't worry about it, Wes.
Don't worry about me, Captain.
Don't worry about me, sir.
Don't worry about that.
Don't worry my friend.
Don't worry she'll be fine.
Don't worry your little head, honey.
Don't worry, Amanda.
Don't worry, Captain.
Don't worry, Commander.
Don't worry, Data.
Don't worry, Governor.
Don't worry, I promise to behave myself.
Don't worry, I won't move.
Don't worry, I'm not staying either.
Don't worry, I've got it.
Don't worry, Katie, you'll be seeing Wesley soon.
Don't worry, Madam Guinan, you're going to be fine.
Don't worry, Number One.
Don't worry, Reg.
Don't worry, everything's going to be fine.
Don't worry, my dear, I've got it.
Don't worry, my friend.
Don't worry, she won't bite.
Don't worry, the Rozhenko men have always had beards of iron grey.
Don't worry, they'll probably work out fine.
Don't worry, we will get to the bottom of this.
Don't worry, you won't.
Don't worry, you'll love it.
Don't you Mrs Troi me.
Don't you agree, Jean-Luc?
Don't you agree, Mrs.
Don't you agree?
Don't you always do what's expected?
Don't you believe her?
Don't you care that he's manipulating you?
Don't you ever get lonely?
Don't you ever question my orders on the Bridge of my ship again!
Don't you ever stay anywhere?
Don't you feel anything else?
Don't you have anything stronger than this, Guinan?
Don't you have enough people talk about their lives to you?
Don't you like it, Commander?
Don't you like me?
Don't you mean, if we can convince?
Don't you realise what you've done?
Don't you really think that would be better?
Don't you recognise your old stomping grounds?
Don't you see it?
Don't you see the two swirls coming together to form the mast?
Don't you see what's following us?
Don't you see, Aaron?
Don't you see, Data?
Don't you see, Riker?
Don't you see, we're a lot alike.
Don't you start.
Don't you tell me what to do!
Don't you think I'm attractive?
Don't you think everybody's jumping the gun here?
Don't you think if I were to accompany you, it might seem more plausible.
Don't you think it suits me?
Don't you think it's time we stopped pretending?
Don't you think so?
Don't you think that Jay here would make an excellent science officer?
Don't you think that you could possibly be just a little confused right now?
Don't you think that's a little strange?
Don't you think we should wait until the Doctor gets here?
Don't you think you both might be overreacting?
Don't you think you should tell the rest of the crew?
Don't you think you're overreacting a little?
Don't you think you're ready for the Ares?
Don't you think, Sito?
Don't you try your professional patronising on me, young lady.
Don't you two look sweet.
Don't you understand his incredible gift to me?
Don't you understand, Captain?
Don't you understand, Hugh?
Don't you want me to give you pleasure?
Don't you want to ask about us?
Don't you want to ask me what I want?
Don't you want to talk to me?
Don't you worry, boy.
Don't you worry.
Don't' worry, I will.
Don't.
Donald, come in!
Donald, that was quite a risk to run to satisfy archaeological curiosity.
Donald, that's my husband.
Donald, we'll get our teams to work on it immediately.
Donald, what's a nice Starfleet Captain like you doing in a place like this?
Donald, your transmission is breaking up.
Donaldson!
Donaldson, you're an engineer.
Done!
Door did not respond.
Doors everywhere and they all look the same.
Doors?
Dor sHo GHA!
Dorvan Five?
Double 'em up.
Double it!
Doubt.
Doubts?
Down by point four percent.
Down here.
Down in the valley, valley so low.
Down in the valley.
Down is good.
Down on some planet.
Down there?
Down to four hundred and twenty percent above normal.
Down to seven thousand degrees.
Down to thirteen percent.
Down to twenty six minutes.
Down where?
Down.
Downhill?
Download the files to my Ready room.
Downloading.
Dozens more.
Drafting room five of the Mars Station, Stardate 40174.
Drained and taken to Devidia Two for those aliens to ingest?
Draken Four was the freighter's destination.
Draw weapons and equipment for a raiding party of five.
Drawn into the energy circuits of this vessel, it found its way to you, Worf.
Draygo Four features an unusually large temperate zone.
Dream deprivation.
Dream not of today, Mister Picard.
Dream well.
Dream.
Dream?
Dreaming about starships and adventures.
Drema Four has the largest deposit of dilithium ore ever recorded.
Drink not with thine enemy.
Drink this before going to bed.
Drink your prune juice.
Drive who away, Groppler?
Drop force field on deck thirty six.
Drop it now!
Drop it or I will break his neck.
Drop it.
Drop main shields as well.
Drop shields.
Drop the water a centimetre below the light penetration level, and they starve.
Drop to impulse, Ensign.
Drop to impulse.
Drop to one quarter impulse, Ensign.
Drop your particle field.
Drop your shields and prepare to be boarded.
Drove my car.
Drugs might damage the symbiont.
Drugs.
Duana is dying.
Duana, what does the Custodian do?
Due to this forcefield, there is presently no way to beam us back, sir.
Duffy and O'Brien picked up the broken canister and became contaminated.
Duffy, Costa, that'll be your assignment.
Duffy.
Durango.
Duras and Gowron will be here in a few minutes.
Duras died in disgrace.
Duras had no mate.
Duras had no son.
Duras is a traitor.
Duras is dead.
Duras must not be allowed to lead the council.
Duras or Gowron?
Duras was a fool.
Duras' crime was to lay that blame on your father.
Duras' man.
Duras, let him speak.
Duras.
Duras?
During my sophomore year, I was assigned to training on Morikin Seven.
During the journey we will be hosting a special guest.
During the last occurrence, I was able to confirm one of my hypotheses.
During the missing day, were you contacted by Starfleet?
During the missing day?
During the original incident the Borg presented a genuine danger to my life.
During this period, you too have been evaluated.
Durken will assign Krola, our Minister of Security, to find him.
Durken.
Duty calls, darling.
Duty.
Dying from what, sir?
Dying is bad enough but, to lose my sense of humour?
Dying.
Dytallix B is the fifth of six planets circling the red giant known as Mira.
Dytallix B.
E-band emission?
E-band emissions are difficult to localise.
E-band?
EEG approaching regular.
EEG is erratic.
EPS mains holding stable.
EPS power levels rising.
EPS taps online.
ETA at warp factor eight?
ETA thirteen thirty hours, sir.
ETA?
Each bolt of light consists of negatively and positively charged ions.
Each community would be responsible for its own.
Each distinctly different.
Each from a different lifeform from nineteen different worlds.
Each has a different frequency spanning the upper EM band.
Each member of the Klingon High Council has shared in that lie.
Each memory is encoded in chains of molecules.
Each neural pathway in my brain is duplicated precisely in hers.
Each new generation is making modifications.
Each of them needed minor medical attention.
Each of these units will have total environmental control.
Each of us should try and think what we were doing just before we blacked out.
Each of us, myself included, wanted to see something of Tasha in this woman.
Each of you will have to prove your worthiness to lead the High Council.
Each of you would make a fine Starfleet officer.
Each one has been looted.
Each ship will send out an active tachyon beam to the other blockading ships.
Each side accuses the other and the threats are mounting.
Each time that I returned to Earth, my thoughts were filled with you.
Each time you clone, you're making a copy of a copy.
Each was good a man and we're all still good friends.
Each wishes to be the first to use the thermal imaging array.
Eager beaver?
Earl Grey Tea.
Earl Grey tea, watercress sandwiches and Bularian canapes.
Earl Grey, perhaps?
Early Lapeongical period, isn't it?
Early bird gets the worm, eh?
Early bird?
Early interstellar history.
Early primates were often prey to larger carnivores.
Earth females are too fragile.
Earth horse.
Earth was once a violent planet, too.
Earth wedding?
Earth, United States, San Francisco, California.
Earthquakes.
Easier?
Easily fixed.
Easily?
East of your position, ten metres.
Easy now.
Easy, Dan!
Easy, Deanna.
Easy, I'm not going to hurt you.
Easy, Number One.
Easy, Wes.
Easy, sir, easy.
Easy, we don't want to alarm or provoke it.
Eat any good books lately?
Eat hearty, brother!
Eat your soup, courtesy of a loyal establishment.
Eat, son.
Eat.
Eating.
Eavesdropping is by no means a proper activity for a gentleman.
Effectively, to disobey Starfleet regulations.
Efficiency, Commander.
Effort.
Ego and id struggling for domination.
Eh?
Eight generations of us.
Eight hundred hours.
Eight members of the away team died.
Eight minutes.
Eight out of eight.
Eight percent above critical and rising.
Eight percent.
Eight point eight.
Eight point nine, aye.
Eight years ago, I led a team to evacuate this station.
Eight years ago.
Eight's a point.
Eight, Ace, Queen.
Eight?
Eighteen hours is a long time to go without food.
Eighteen hours, seven minutes, and ten seconds, Doctor.
Eighteen of our people have died.
Eighteen people lost their lives.
Eighteen percent, twenty, twenty five.
Eighteen were in those sections and are missing.
Eighteen years ago.
Eighteen years?
Eighter from Decatur.
Eighty five microvolts.
Eighty one kilos.
Eighty seven percent Saurian Brandy.
Eighty three percent of maximum tolerance and rising.
Eighty two percent dilithium hydroxyls> Magnesium, chromium.
Eighty years?
Eighty-two more reported cases of the virus, sir.
Eighty.
Eighty?
Either it has been deactivated or she is being held in a shielded location.
Either it is a sensor malfunction, another ship is following us covertly.
Either leave my Bridge or I will remove you by force.
Either leave or finish us.
Either of you interested in ornithology?
Either there's something in there or I'm going crazy, and I've just got to know.
Either they survive or we do.
Either way, Reg, you're an important part of this crew.
Either way, one version of history or another will wend its way forward.
Either way, we have to find him.
Either way, you can have it back.
Either would do.
Either.
Eject antimatter storage unit three.
Eject the chamber on my order!
Ejection systems offline.
Ejector systems are offline.
Elaborate, Data.
Electrical activity is normal.
Electrically deposited.
Electro-chemical stimulus response.
Electrolyte concentration?
Electromagnetic band?
Electromagnetic disturbances are even worse here.
Electromagnetic field?
Electromagnetic scanners ready, Captain.
Electron concentration seven point nine five.
Electropathic pattern located.
Electrophoretic activity?
Elegant, functional.
Elevate the legs and try to keep her warm.
Elevated CO2 levels at twenty kilometres, sir.
Eleven dead, eight more unaccounted for, Captain.
Eleven hours.
Eleven hundred standard G units and rising.
Eleven planets, unexplored.
Eleven point eight kilos of molybdenum-cobalt alloy.
Eleven point seven five, sir.
Eleven three deviation from the norm.
Eleven!
Eleven.
Eli!
Eli, get down!
Elicit a desired behaviour by advocating its opposite.
Eliminate all non-vocal waveform components.
Eliminate all personal logs.
Eline?
Eluded the Enterprise?
Emergence.
Emergency beam up!
Emergency bulkheads have sealed this section off from the rest of the ship.
Emergency close!
Emergency deceleration in five seconds.
Emergency medical team to Doctor Crusher's office immediately.
Emergency power engaged.
Emergency power to deflectors.
Emergency power to shields!
Emergency signal reads as follows.
Emergency stop!
Emergency teams, stand by transporter rooms.
Emission is not consistent with any known radiation.
Emissions now at ten pulses per second.
Emissions now at thirty pulses per second.
Emits charge when lit.
Emits light when charged.
Emitter circuits one hundred seventy percent over standard.
Emitter pads, targeting scanners, they're all working fine.
Emitters available, sixty percent forward, fifty two percent aft.
Emitters radiating at three hundred twenty percent over standard.
Emitters recharging.
Emitting tachyons in the lower bandwidth.
Emotion, sir?
Emotional awareness.
Emotional disarray was a symptom of the illness from which he suffered.
Emotive.
Empathic awareness is not a requirement of your position.
Empirical study.
Empty pain, Hollowness.
Empty space.
Empty threat and we both know it.
Empty your minds of violent thoughts.
En garde!
En-ter-prise.
Enable.
Enchantee.
Encountering Data was mere coincidence.
Encountering resistance.
Encourage him in what?
End it now.
End of communication.
End of message.
End of the corridor, room on your right.
End simulation sequence.
End stress reduction programme.
End this, and I will give you whatever help you need.
End transmission.
Endar!
Endar.
Ended it?
Endure what?
Enduring physical suffering is considered a Klingon spiritual test.
Enemy?
Energise on my mark.
Energise the network.
Energise, Chief O'Brien.
Energise, Mister Remmick.
Energising the matrix.
Energising, sir.
Energy beam ready, sir.
Energy cell usage remains constant at one point oh five megajoules per second.
Energy consumption is rising, sir.
Energy consumption?
Energy discharge in six seconds.
Energy field is two point six.
Energy field strength increasing.
Energy force has left transporter room three.
Energy levels nominal.
Energy loss increasing, sir.
Energy only.
Energy output is negligible, sir.
Energy patterns are breaking down, sir.
Energy patterns are reading as highly organized.
Energy reading?
Energy reserves are dropping rapidly, sir.
Energy reserves reaching critical stage.
Energy transfer is ninety eight percent!
Energy.
Energy?
Engage at warp one if you detect any sign it's going to explode.
Engage cloak.
Engage cloaking device.
Engage deflector shield, now.
Engage deflector shield.
Engage emergency override!
Engage evacuation procedures for those decks.
Engage field coils.
Engage forward shields thirty five percent.
Engage him in conversation.
Engage impulse engines.
Engage manoeuvring engines, forward zero point one.
Engage mooring beams and lock off.
Engage phasers and target.
Engage secondary tractor beam.
Engage the cloaking device.
Engage to where, sir?
Engage tractor.
Engage warp nine.
Engage, Ensign.
Engage, Mister Crusher.
Engage.
Engaged.
Engaging computer override.
Engaging force fields, Captain.
Engaging metaphasic shield now.
Engaging override controls now.
Engaging static mode.
Engaging system interlock.
Engine nacelles.
Engine room ready, sir.
Engine schematic at Utopia Planitia.
Engine status.
Engine?
Engineered?
Engineering Section and deck forty two.
Engineering and programming.
Engineering crews?
Engineering has nothing like it on record.
Engineering here, sir.
Engineering is realigning the main deflector dish.
Engineering is working on accessing the control systems.
Engineering reports a computer malf... I'm sorry, I'm getting sick.
Engineering reports it'll be seven hours before we can cloak again.
Engineering section, report.
Engineering section.
Engineering station's online, Counsellor.
Engineering to Bridge, we're ready.
Engineering to Captain.
Engineering to bridge, did you copy that?
Engineering!.
Engineering, I need more power to the primary energising coil.
Engineering, I'm getting readings on Tactical.
Engineering, Mister La Forge.
Engineering, aft thrusters.
Engineering, are all systems back online?
Engineering, come in!
Engineering, come in.
Engineering, give me status on power recovery.
Engineering, holding at station keeping, range six hundred and forty metres.
Engineering, increase power to forward shields.
Engineering, is that the forward limit?
Engineering, prepare to extend shields.
Engineering, respond.
Engineering, this is Commander Riker.
Engineering, this is La Forge.
Engineering, this is Lieutenant Commander Data.
Engineering, this is Science One.
Engineering, urgent.
Engineering?
Engines activated, sir.
Engines are not responding, Captain.
Engines are ready, Captain.
Engines are ready.
Engines disengaged, sir.
Engines disengaged.
Engines inoperative, shields are down.
Engines now.
Engines?
Enhance and magnify.
Enhance, please.
Enhancement.
Enjoy it.
Enjoy the parthas.
Enjoy these times, Geordi.
Enjoy what?
Enjoy your dinner.
Enjoy your good feelings while you can.
Enjoy your laurels, Doctor.
Enjoy your trip, Captain.
Enjoy your trip.
Enjoy, Picard.
Enjoying Farpoint Station?
Enkidu caught the bull by the tail.
Enkidu, a wild man from the forest, entered the city.
Enlarge and identify.
Enlarge to maximum.
Enormous satisfaction.
Enough about this creature.
Enough is enough.
Enough of that.
Enough of this self-indulgence.
Enough stories, Sergey.
Enough stories.
Enough talking, it's time to do something.
Enough to get us to the next Starbase.
Enough to turn them back, but not enough to hurt them.
Enough what?
Enough with this foolishness.
Enough, Lursa.
Enough, please.
Enough, you fools.
Enough?
Ensign Allenby, full stop.
Ensign Allenby, set a course for the Gamelan system.
Ensign Anaya, full about.
Ensign Anthony Brevelle recording.
Ensign Babyface.
Ensign Calloway, thank you for your help.
Ensign Calloway.
Ensign Chilton, lay in a course back to the Federation.
Ensign Crusher and I will proceed to Pentarus Five.
Ensign Crusher believes the trouble may have been caused by the Jaradan probe.
Ensign Crusher has requested to remain on the Enterprise.
Ensign Crusher, are you able to return to duty?
Ensign Crusher, at their current speed, when will they reach Earth?
Ensign Crusher, report.
Ensign Crusher, set course for Emila Two, warp three.
Ensign Crusher, set in a course that follows those currents.
Ensign Crusher, take us away from this pulsar.
Ensign Crusher, what can I do for you?
Ensign Crusher, you continue to assist Mister La Forge.
Ensign Crusher, you're with me.
Ensign Crusher.
Ensign DeSeve, you promised me a freighter with an important cargo.
Ensign Dumont.
Ensign Gates, plot a course into the chasm, manoeuvring thrusters only.
Ensign Gates, set a course and engage.
Ensign Gates, set course for Starbase two nineteen, warp six.
Ensign Gates.
Ensign Gates?
Ensign Gibson, take us to warp eight point eight.
Ensign Gomez is a recent Academy graduate.
Ensign Hoy?
Ensign Keller, answer me!
Ensign Keller, answer me.
Ensign Lin.
Ensign Locklin.
Ensign Lopez.
Ensign McKnight, plot a course for the shortest distance out of the nebula.
Ensign McKnight, plot the most direct course, ahead warp one.
Ensign Mendon from the planet Benzar.
Ensign Mendon.
Ensign Nagel, maximum shields.
Ensign Ortiz will perform the violin part.
Ensign Palvik can show you the file on the engine modifications.
Ensign Picard and Ensign Batanides.
Ensign Rager and I were lucky to have escaped.
Ensign Rager still hasn't been returned.
Ensign Rager, ahead one quarter impulse.
Ensign Rager, cartography needs a better position to study cluster FGC thirteen.
Ensign Rager, put us into synchronous orbit above that position.
Ensign Rager, set course two five nine mark three one eight, half impulse.
Ensign Riol, plot a course to take us safely away from the combat area.
Ensign Ro Laren reporting as ordered, Commander.
Ensign Ro Laren.
Ensign Ro has been confined to her quarters.
Ensign Ro has educated me.
Ensign Ro has some things she'd like to talk to you about.
Ensign Ro is not on board the Enterprise.
Ensign Ro to the Bridge.
Ensign Ro was Bajoran.
Ensign Ro was invaluable.
Ensign Ro, may I see you in my Ready room?
Ensign Ro, set a course for Valo Three, half impulse.
Ensign Ro, set a course to intercept the Cardassians.
Ensign Ro, sir.
Ensign Ro, take us to the designated coordinates.
Ensign Ro, you're familiar with this star system.
Ensign Salvatore.
Ensign Sito, take over at Ops.
Ensign Sito.
Ensign Sutter to Counsellor Troi.
Ensign T'Su, situation report.
Ensign T'Su, when I order the shields down, you have one responsibility.
Ensign T'Su?
Ensign Taggart to Captain Picard.
Ensign Thomas to CIC.
Ensign Toms, please forward combat information.
Ensign Zweller seems to be doing well.
Ensign er, Ensign?
Ensign there's a thermal inversion in the power coupling!
Ensign, I want to run a full spectral analysis on this.
Ensign, adjust course for any deviations.
Ensign, aft thrusters.
Ensign, align the Enterprise so we appear to be one of the abandoned ships.
Ensign, answer the First Officer's question.
Ensign, are you suggesting this energy is not naturally occurring?
Ensign, as soon as Mister Data is finished take us to Ligos at warp eight.
Ensign, ask Doctor Selar run a biospectral analysis.
Ensign, bring the ship about.
Ensign, bring us about.
Ensign, bring us around ninety degrees to starboard.
Ensign, bring us to bearing oh three oh mark five.
Ensign, bring us to within twenty kilometres of the test ship.
Ensign, call security.
Ensign, can you help me find Commander Data?
Ensign, change course to pursue.
Ensign, do we have him?
Ensign, evasive pattern, Riker Beta.
Ensign, full about.
Ensign, full stop.
Ensign, get us out of here.
Ensign, give me a breakdown on shield energy conversion and then run a spectral.
Ensign, how bad is it?
Ensign, increase power to the impulse engines.
Ensign, increase to warp eight.
Ensign, increase to warp nine.
Ensign, lay in a course away from the Romulan vessel.
Ensign, lay in a course for Indri Eight, warp seven.
Ensign, lay in a course for Kaelon Two.
Ensign, lay in a course to Starbase one two nine.
Ensign, lay in a course to the nearest Starbase.
Ensign, lay in a course to the next one, three quarters impulse.
Ensign, lay in the course and engage at warp nine point three.
Ensign, manoeuvre us into tractor beam range.
Ensign, our position.
Ensign, plot a course for Starbase two sixty, warp two.
Ensign, port thrusters ahead full, starboard thrusters back full.
Ensign, power readings.
Ensign, prepare a buoy and launch it when ready.
Ensign, prepare to beam our guests and their cargo down to Ornara.
Ensign, prepare to put us in orbit above those coordinates.
Ensign, prepare to resume course to T'lli Beta.
Ensign, put up the shields until further notice.
Ensign, put us back on course for the Moselina system.
Ensign, release the inertial dampers.
Ensign, return to synchronous orbit.
Ensign, run a dynoscan.
Ensign, scan for Starfleet combadge signals.
Ensign, secure connector levels.
Ensign, set a course for the Brechtian Cluster.
Ensign, set a course for the Kallisko.
Ensign, set a course to Evadne Four.
Ensign, set a course to Galorndon Core.
Ensign, set a course to intercept with the Trill ship.
Ensign, set a course, warp six.
Ensign, set a course.
Ensign, set course for Station Nigala Four.
Ensign, set course for the Guernica system.
Ensign, set in a course for the Vilmoran System.
Ensign, set your course for Solais Five.
Ensign, slow down to half impulse power.
Ensign, standby for a jump to warp two.
Ensign, step away from her.
Ensign, take us away from it.
Ensign, take us back to the scene of the crime.
Ensign, take us in.
Ensign, take us out of here, maximum warp.
Ensign, take us to a synchronous orbit aligned around our crash site.
Ensign, take us to one thousand metres ahead of the barge and hold.
Ensign, take us to warp seven point two one.
Ensign, this is a serious responsibility.
Ensign, this is obviously a very dangerous mission.
Ensign, verify our position.
Ensign, warp eight.
Ensign, warp nine point three.
Ensign, warp nine.
Ensign, warp two now!
Ensign, we need to modify the sensor array to filter out these EM pulses.
Ensign, what are you doing on the holodeck?
Ensign, what are you doing?
Ensign, what's our ETA at the planet?
Ensign, when should the results be known?
Ensign, where are we?
Ensign, where is Commander Data?
Ensign, whom do you suggest we speak to?
Ensign, will you wait outside?
Ensign, will you work with mister Data to try to remove them safely.
Ensign, you take that area.
Ensign, you'll write that report.
Ensign, you're here on the exchange programme.
Ensign, you're with me.
Ensign?
Ensure the safety, Captain?
Enter access code.
Enter code.
Enter programme.
Enter!
Entering Rhomboid Dronegar Sector zero zero six.
Entering corrections now, sir.
Entering my neural network would require no more than their most basic skills.
Entering outer event horizon.
Entering phaser range.
Entering standard orbit now.
Entering the Devron system, sir.
Entering the T-tauri system, now, Captain.
Entering the Tarchannen system, sir.
Entering the planet's atmosphere.
Entering visual range.
Enterprise C is sending out a distress call, sir.
Enterprise C?
Enterprise from away team, come in.
Enterprise from away team.
Enterprise history.
Enterprise log, supplemental.
Enterprise now approaching Terran system, sir.
Enterprise now taking possession of Stargazer, Kazago.
Enterprise scanners did the rest.
Enterprise targeted, Leader.
Enterprise to Ambassador Alkar.
Enterprise to Captain Picard aboard Stargazer.
Enterprise to Commander La Forge.
Enterprise to Ferengi vessel, we transmit visually.
Enterprise to Kes Security Relay Station One.
Enterprise to La Forge.
Enterprise to Picard.
Enterprise to Riker.
Enterprise to Romulan vessel.
Enterprise to Stargazer, please respond.
Enterprise to Tarellian vessel, are you receiving us?
Enterprise to away team, come in.
Enterprise to object off our starboard bow.
Enterprise to shuttle, do you read me?
Enterprise to shuttle, please respond.
Enterprise to shuttle.
Enterprise to shuttlecraft Fermi.
Enterprise to shuttlecraft Galileo.
Enterprise to shuttlecraft.
Enterprise, Enterprise!
Enterprise, Enterprise, come in!
Enterprise, I am Aaron Conor.
Enterprise, I am Orn Lote, engineer.
Enterprise, I have a passenger.
Enterprise, I have warned you about these unauthorised communications.
Enterprise, I'm being held by Turkana Four Alliance.
Enterprise, I'm losing manoeuvrability.
Enterprise, Riker.
Enterprise, advise Doctor Clark that the hostages are being released.
Enterprise, beam Martinez and his patient directly to Sickbay.
Enterprise, beam up the away team immediately.
Enterprise, do you hear me?
Enterprise, emergency!
Enterprise, extend shields!
Enterprise, get us out of here.
Enterprise, hard starboard!
Enterprise, help us, please!
Enterprise, hold.
Enterprise, lock on.
Enterprise, lock us onto her signal.
Enterprise, prepare to beam the away team back.
Enterprise, prepping five Talarian males for transport directly to Sickbay.
Enterprise, respond.
Enterprise, thank you for hearing us.
Enterprise, this is Captain William Riker of the Klingon vessel, Pagh.
Enterprise, this is Commander Riker.
Enterprise, this is Darwin Station.
Enterprise, this is Earth Station Bobruisk.
Enterprise, this is Lieutenant Yar.
Enterprise, this is Riker.
Enterprise, this is Security Minister Lorin.
Enterprise, this is Starbase one seven nine.
Enterprise, this is Tan Tsu, Arcos engineer.
Enterprise, this is shuttle five in position, ready to begin a short-range scan.
Enterprise, this is shuttle seven.
Enterprise, this is the Ornaran freighter Sanction.
Enterprise, three to transport.
Enterprise, two to beam up.
Enterprise, we have an injury.
Enterprise, we need to jettison the entire engine core.
Enterprise, we're in position.
Enterprise, what is your time of arrival?
Enterprise, you are towing a spacecraft of a known criminal.
Enterprise, you may begin transport when ready.
Enterprise, your presence here is a violation of Romulan space.
Entertain me.
Entry points are evenly spaced along this wall every twenty five metres.
Entry programme confirmed.
Environment's as programmed.
Environmental compensation sequence has been initiated.
Environmental systems compromised.
Environmental systems fail to respond to command, Captain.
Envy.
Enzymatic agents.
Eosinophilia in the cerebrospinal fluid at forty six percent.
Equally as meaningless.
Equally?
Equivalent firepower, forty megawatts.
Er, Barclay.
Er, Chief?
Er, Data, it's in his right hand.
Er, Heaven is.
Er, I, er.
Er, Will, sir.
Er, about ninety seconds.
Er, allow me to introduce you.
Er, er.
Er, he, I mean, there's no relationship.
Er, is there a place for my parents to rest, Captain?
Er, no, sir.
Er, of course.
Er, right.
Er, thank you.
Er, well, asymmetrical, inverted, phased, stable.
Er, well.
Er, won't you join us?
Er, yes, a long time.
Era?
Erase all programs filed under Reginald Barclay.
Erasure process is proceeding.
Eric.
Erratic enough to justify mutiny?
Erupting, spreading, connecting.
Escort Chancellor Durken to the transporter room, Lieutenant.
Escort our visitors to the observation lounge.
Escort them to their quarters.
Escort this young man to the quarantine anteroom.
Esoqq was the last one to appear, and he is the only one with a weapon.
Esoqq, I've been trying to determine if we have a common enemy.
Esoqq, how long can you go without food?
Especially aboard a starship.
Especially an out-of-towner like yourself..
Especially chocolate.
Especially considering how close you and Mister Mordock are in overall score.
Especially for him.
Especially for the people on the western continent.
Especially human men.
Especially if I had seen you in that wig.
Especially in matters of love.
Especially in situations that weren't quite ethical.
Especially myself.
Especially ones in penalty boxes?
Especially out here.
Especially since we know so little about their origins.
Especially the Minister, here.
Especially the boyfriend, who's been indicted for murder.
Especially under these circumstances.
Especially when you haven't done so in a while.
Especially with the Federation furnishing them support.
Especially you, Mother!
Essentially correct.
Essentially hotwire the connection.
Essentially that story is correct.
Essentially, what was in the original lab is here.
Establish a frequency shift firing pattern and return fire.
Establish parallel course.
Establish synchronous orbit.
Establish.
Established parameters?
Establishing computer linkup.
Establishing that colony has been exhausting for the entire crew, Captain.
Estimate five minutes till warp drive containment breach.
Estimate intercept in three minutes.
Estimate release of antimatter in four minutes eighteen seconds.
Estimated breach in one minute.
Estimated distance of light source.
Estimated distance to the nebula's perimeter?
Estimated time of arrival, Mister Data?
Estimated time to Tau Alpha C at warp nine point five.
Estimated time to structural failure.
Estimated time?
Etana?
Etched in stone, no doubt.
Eternity.
Ethan, no!
Ethan.
Ethan?
Ethics, Sophistry and the Alternate Universe by Ving Kuda.
Evacuate?
Evacuated where?
Evacuated?
Evacuating lab.
Evacuation procedures initiated.
Evacuation sequence.
Evacuation will be difficult.
Evasive action, delta sequence.
Evasive action, sir?
Evasive action.
Evasive manoeuvre sequence delta!
Evasive manoeuvre sequence delta.
Evasive manoeuvres, Ensign!
Evasive manoeuvres, full impulse.
Evasive manoeuvres, full.
Evasive manoeuvres, pattern Riker Alpha.
Evasive, Mister Crusher.
Evek to the Vetar.
Evek, the last war caused massive destruction and cost millions of lives.
Even Danar can't move that fast.
Even Klingons need love now and then.
Even Lore.
Even Parliament's peacemakers may find this case a little difficult.
Even Picard knew that.
Even Tin Man's.
Even Xelo never had such thoughts about me.
Even a holographic patient would balk at those odds.
Even a partial recovery could give them some peace.
Even a planet as remote as Angel One has heard of Starfleet.
Even a small thing?
Even after all these years you still have the ability to surprise me.
Even as I battled, Hagon, I heard you calling out for me.
Even as a member of this limited species.
Even as men wrecked upon a sand, that look to be washed off the next tide.
Even assuming that we have the power to sustain such a tactic.
Even at a distance?
Even at warp nine we wouldn't get there for another twenty minutes.
Even at warp nine, the Cordannas system is over twelve hours from here.
Even before the training began, we knew there would be problems reversing it.
Even drought.
Even ensign?
Even for your newly improved phasers?
Even for your wife?
Even gave me my vision.
Even if Doctor Quaice had been injured, why would his belongings be missing?
Even if I am wrong, and I hope I am, you're still the best man for the job.
Even if I find the solution, you will not accept it!
Even if it involves my father.
Even if it involves your father?
Even if it leads you into a Romulan trap.
Even if it takes a millennium.
Even if it's not what you really want?
Even if that voice insists on controlling you.
Even if the new host has not arrived.
Even if we are detected, they cannot track us once we go to warp.
Even if we decided to do it, there's no guarantee that we'd be able to.
Even if we do get away, they'll find us.
Even if we get the Sheliak to talk, they're not likely to be accommodating.
Even if you're right, what can we do about it?
Even in death, K'mpec makes foolish decisions.
Even in orbital space it'll get below minus two hundred degrees.
Even in stasis it's quite strong.
Even in the matters of love?
Even in this state, they possess a certain dignity, a graceful countenance.
Even just a little bit?
Even life itself is an exercise in exceptions.
Even more since we have taken down the shield.
Even my own father was against it.
Even my sensory perception picked that up.
Even now do you know why you are driven?
Even now, I know you don't.
Even now, there are warriors on my own ship who want to see Kahless.
Even now?
Even so, he is a machine.
Even so, what gives them the right to enter Federation space?
Even the Romulans have abided with those agreements.
Even the clothes she's wearing are unusual.
Even the extraordinary Lieutenant Yar?
Even the gypsy violins.
Even the heavens are denied to me here.
Even the most insignificant image could be a very important symbol.
Even the name sounds mysterious.
Even the stars may be different.
Even the walls obey your command.
Even the walls of Jericho fell, Captain.
Even their deaths might have prevented this war.
Even their transporters can't be trusted.
Even then there's no guarantee that we'll find a suitable planet.
Even this slight misalignment may be detected.
Even though this is the first time I've ever come in contact with them.
Even though this technology failed?
Even to me.
Even war with the Federation.
Even when I'm telling the truth, no one believes me.
Even when you're off duty, you're on duty.
Even when you're old and grey.
Even willing to put your life at risk for it.
Even with a treaty, they're still skittish about protecting their border.
Even with all these uncertainties, we've got to try.
Even with my Chorus, I could not have changed their attitudes in a day.
Even you cannot be blind to that.
Even you wouldn't be that cruel.
Even you, eventually, will have to answer to someone.
Even you, sir.
Events in one time period would seem to have no effect on the other two.
Eventually we came to this planet to live our final years.
Eventually we had no choice, we had to dismantle him.
Eventually you wear it out.
Eventually you will weaken, your reserves will be gone.
Eventually, all emotional control is lost.
Eventually, both sides will be unstable.
Eventually, it reaches a point where it shuts down.
Eventually, it's their turn to take care of us.
Eventually, may kill all of us.
Eventually, sir.
Eventually, the Federation will force the government into make concessions.
Eventually, the pocket will collapse.
Eventually, there were over forty of us there.
Ever do that?
Ever driven a Grenthemen Water Hopper?
Ever feel like you're not really wanted?
Ever have any trouble relating to them?
Ever popped the clutch?
Ever seen anything like this?
Ever since Captain Picard was killed in the incident with the Borg.
Ever since I began rehearsing for the role, I've been uneasy and restless.
Ever since I got here, I've been fighting this.
Ever since I returned from the Carraya system I have felt empty.
Ever since Vorin was lost, people have been afraid.
Ever since you came on board, you've been badgering me and I've taken it.
Ever since you've come on board you've been moody, sullen and rude.
Every Ornaran does.
Every bit.
Every byte of free space in the computer has been filled.
Every case.
Every choice we make allows us to manipulate the future.
Every effort has been made to determine his whereabouts.
Every fibre in my being says this is a mistake.
Every hospitality will be accorded you.
Every instinct tells me this is wrong, it is dangerous, it is futile.
Every kind of dying.
Every living thing on the planet will perish.
Every man on the ship will be fighting over her.
Every man, without exception.
Every moment requires a purpose.
Every nanosecond in this continuum is a moment in history, once it has elapsed.
Every night at the dinner table he would pose a question for debate.
Every night this week.
Every night when we enter into sleep.
Every night, Miles leaves his socks on the floor.
Every one of them, every single one fought for life until the very end.
Every one of us has a thousand different kinds of tiny people inside of us.
Every operation, every function.
Every part of me is yours.
Every pitch, every intonation, was exactly the same.
Every plant life, every microscopic lifeform is part of a master design.
Every pore in my body tingles with contentment.
Every purpose requires a plan.
Every response is different, depending on a being's DNA.
Every second we waste puts us in that much more danger.
Every ship that enters the Demilitarised Zone is being searched.
Every single thing is specific and exact.
Every single time that I tried to do it, I had a certain feeling.
Every single time.
Every situation is different.
Every summer, you came to Bergerac.
Every test on them has been negative.
Every time I asked where you were, some clone lied to me.
Every time I respond to an order he jumps down my throat.
Every time I try to redirect backup it goes somewhere else.
Every time the loop begins again, everything resets itself, and starts all over.
Every time we've offered amnesty, they've rejected it.
Every time you talk about yourself, you use the word we.
Every time you're touching the engine you're touching me.
Every time, it's different.
Every waking moment.
Every woman loves him.
Every word.
Everybody back onto the infernal machine.
Everybody dies, Data.
Everybody does from time to time.
Everybody here?
Everybody is sharing their memories of Geordi and Ro, laughing and talking.
Everybody knows that.
Everybody playing it all the time.
Everybody relax.
Everybody stay here.
Everybody told me to stay away from him.
Everybody up here.
Everybody's played a practical joke on somebody at one time or another.
Everybody's playing it.
Everyone I've ever known is dead.
Everyone and everything is gone.
Everyone at ease.
Everyone but myself was rendered unconscious.
Everyone depends on everyone else to protect them.
Everyone dies, Captain.
Everyone does.
Everyone down, now!
Everyone dresses so well.
Everyone else, get out.
Everyone get down on the floor.
Everyone has tempers.
Everyone here's playing it.
Everyone in class, I mean everyone, wants the Enterprise.
Everyone in this town gives part of their water rations to keep it alive.
Everyone is protecting Sarek.
Everyone is so concerned about my next job.
Everyone is so efficient and professional.
Everyone is talking about me, and no one's talking to me.
Everyone knows that.
Everyone knows where we are, and no one is going to hurt you.
Everyone knows.
Everyone made it except Josh.
Everyone needs an understanding of basic calculus, whether they like it or not.
Everyone on board comes here.
Everyone out of the plaza.
Everyone remaining is leaving on foot or beaming off.
Everyone seems to recognise that fact except you.
Everyone stand back.
Everyone still looks uncomfortable.
Everyone thought that I was insane, that I'd actually killed someone.
Everyone was at my birthday party.
Everyone was killed.
Everyone was supposed to be evacuated to the surface.
Everyone was talking today about the way you absorbed the Caldonian bid.
Everyone with the necessary skills also has an alibi, except for me, that is.
Everyone's after me to try it.
Everyone's had their memories affected in the same way we have.
Everyone's looking for you.
Everyone's still trying to figure out exactly how you did it.
Everyone's talking about you.
Everyone's very curious about you.
Everyone, that is, except me.
Everything I had was taken from me except my sense of honour.
Everything I said was the truth.
Everything I touch seems to turn brown and wither away.
Everything I wanted?
Everything I've read suggests that he was well-adjusted and optimistic.
Everything I've worked so hard for is falling apart.
Everything a man wants right at his fingertips.
Everything about this seems wrong.
Everything available on a Doctor Noonien Soong.
Everything before that is just a jumble.
Everything checked out.
Everything checks out all right, but I won't make any claims as to its comfort.
Everything checks out but we're getting no results.
Everything continues to check out.
Everything depends on it!
Everything depends on it.
Everything else is luxury.
Everything else looks fine.
Everything else seems mild by comparison.
Everything exactly as it should be, right down the line.
Everything falls within the parameters I established at the other attack sites.
Everything had to be Klingon.
Everything had to be real if Kahless were to appear.
Everything has been programmed to operate on voice command.
Everything he'd worked for, hoped for, was slipping away.
Everything here supports Serova's theories.
Everything in me that was human died that day with my mother.
Everything in the previous encounters suggests a peaceable race.
Everything is changed now, Oji.
Everything is disappearing!
Everything is exactly as I remember it.
Everything is fine now.
Everything is fine.
Everything is going exactly as you predicted, Admiral.
Everything is going to be all right.
Everything is in order.
Everything is in perfect order.
Everything is just as it should be.
Everything is okay.
Everything is proceeding as scheduled.
Everything is sacred to us.
Everything is so clear now.
Everything is under control.
Everything it does is controlled by computer.
Everything looks fine down here.
Everything looks fine, Data.
Everything looks functional.
Everything looks it looks normal to me.
Everything on board indicates that we were out for thirty seconds.
Everything said here is confidential, Doctor.
Everything says we'd better get the hell out of here.
Everything seemed to be running as smoothly as the other flights.
Everything seems a little smaller.
Everything seems to remind me of the nightmare.
Everything since Alpha Onias three.
Everything status quo, sir.
Everything that happened in the hospital proves it.
Everything that we have accomplished means nothing.
Everything that we have built turns into dust.
Everything that you see in the room here, everything.
Everything they asked me to do.
Everything under control, Ensign Crusher?
Everything was shaking.
Everything we do tightens its grip.
Everything we had went down with the Sanction.
Everything we have on the Khitomer massacre.
Everything we have, we abandon.
Everything we know about them is based on rumour or conjecture.
Everything we need to know.
Everything we've been through reminds me of a laboratory experiment.
Everything we've seen would indicate otherwise.
Everything we've tried to do has been based on overpowering the trap.
Everything will be all right if you just keep climbing.
Everything will be all right.
Everything will need to be coordinated from the surface.
Everything will work out.
Everything worked too well.
Everything you said this morning was absolutely correct.
Everything!
Everything's fine, thank you.
Everything's fine.
Everything's going to be all right so long as we stick together.
Everything's going to be okay, Wesley.
Everything's gone blank.
Everything's in place.
Everything's locked up, Captain.
Everything's on there.
Everything's under control.
Everything?
Everywhere we looked there was complete devastation.
Everywhere, my darling.
Evidence of tampering, negligence, sabotage, whatever.
Evidence that these aliens have been travelling back in time to Earth.
Evidence.
Evidently a Ferengi trading ship entered their system and someone panicked.
Evidently they're being held hostage.
Evidently, you were abducted two days after beaming to the surface.
Evidently.
Evil.
Evoke the memory.
Evolved?
Exactly as you would have me be, Captain.
Exactly how long will it be before we reach Kaldra, Captain?
Exactly one hour, Picard.
Exactly right.
Exactly the opposite.
Exactly the same as Deanna.
Exactly the same.
Exactly the type that will get us all killed, if we're not careful.
Exactly the way it was.
Exactly what I need.
Exactly what I said might happen.
Exactly what I was thinking.
Exactly what are you feeling?
Exactly what do you believe you're sensing from him?
Exactly what do you find unfair, Lutan?
Exactly what does that mean?
Exactly what kind of historian are you?
Exactly what my readings say.
Exactly what was going on.
Exactly what?
Exactly when will they reach Haven?
Exactly where are your loyalties, Commander?
Exactly where it's supposed to be.
Exactly, Captain.
Exactly, Number One.
Exactly, Wesley.
Exactly, and I can measure that effect at the molecular level.
Exactly, but, you've got them all memorised.
Exactly, exactly how would you describe God?
Exactly, yes.
Excalibur will fall back with engine problems.
Excalibur, Riker here.
Exceeding reaction chamber thermal limit.
Exceeding safety limits of engine containment field.
Exceeding warp nine point four.
Excellent also.
Excellent choice.
Excellent tea.
Excellent timing.
Excellent, Counsellor.
Excellent, La Forge.
Except for a mild case of hypertension, which is normal for a woman her age.
Except for an impression of this being a Doctor Soong's work area.
Except for doctors, of course.
Except for his features, there is nothing about him that I find familiar.
Except for minor, minor differences, theirs are identical.
Except for now.
Except for now?
Except for the dream images, I've never seen her.
Except for the land they own.
Except for the way I behaved.
Except it does work.
Except it's illegal.
Except me.
Except no one ever stayed around him long enough to realize it but me.
Except programme nine.
Except something's been added to the main directory.
Except that I am not programmed to kill.
Except that they know they've got us in deep trouble.
Except that we are still in it, sir.
Except the one guy who wouldn't really mind it.
Except the transporter reconstitutes energy in a permanent form.
Except us.
Except we win.
Except what?
Except witnesses, for the first time in eleven recorded attacks.
Except, Admiral, you are not a man of peace.
Except, Number One, I have absolutely no intention of taking a holiday.
Except, of course, in paranoid delusions for those who believe.
Except, of course, that he'll have to deal with Lieutenant Ogawa.
Except, why are you perspiring, Lieutenant?
Exceptionally clear-minded, sensible.
Excessive honesty can be disastrous, particularly in a commander.
Exchange protocol verified.
Exchanges.
Excitement is hardly the appropriate emotion.
Excitement?
Exciting?
Excuse me I need the plasma inverter.
Excuse me for being a little confused, Setal, but I thought you were defecting.
Excuse me for interrupting, Lieutenant.
Excuse me, Ambassador.
Excuse me, Captain, but Doctor Stubbs is waiting outside.
Excuse me, Captain, but I can be of a lot more help down here.
Excuse me, Captain, but you were standing right where I needed to be.
Excuse me, Commander Riker.
Excuse me, Commander.
Excuse me, Doctor Moseley.
Excuse me, Doctor, but the entire ship's complement is two hundred and thirty.
Excuse me, I have to get back to my patient.
Excuse me, I'll rephrase.
Excuse me, I'm just finishing up a speech.
Excuse me, I've got to go talk to somebody.
Excuse me, Lieutenant.
Excuse me, Mistress.
Excuse me, Premier.
Excuse me, am I interrupting?
Excuse me, but I'm absolutely certain that we met once at Paloris Colony.
Excuse me, could someone please tell me what's going on here?
Excuse me, gentlemen, the test results are ready if you'd like to hear them.
Excuse me, ladies.
Excuse me, please.
Excuse me, sir but I have to return to duty.
Excuse me, sir, I was looking for Commander Riker.
Excuse me, sir, but I need to move this table.
Excuse me, sir, but that's damn cold blooded.
Excuse me, sir, but this isn't the Academy.
Excuse me, sir, but those weren't natural instincts.
Excuse me, son.
Excuse me, to whom am I speaking?
Excuse me, we were sitting here.
Excuse the interruption, Captain, but this may be worth it.
Excuse the mess.
Excuse us for one moment, Captain.
Excuse us, Ambassador.
Excuse us, Counsellor.
Excuse, Captain, but the unidentified starship is coming in.
Excuse, Mrs.
Excuses, Mister Crusher?
Excuses?
Execute.
Executed.
Executive Officer, Commander Keiran MacDuff.
Exerting yourself will only make you sicker.
Exhaustion, irritability, muscle spasms.
Exit Holodeck.
Exocomps are highly sophisticated devices, sir.
Exocomps?
Exoscalpel.
Expanding analysis parameters.
Expanding?
Expect a medical team to accompany me.
Expect the unexpected.
Expected duration?
Experience has shown me that too high a ratio diminishes efficiency.
Experiencing feelings of warmth and friendship.
Experimental engine, new weapon systems.
Explain how you remember that so exactly.
Explain that.
Explain the delay.
Explain this.
Explain to her.
Explain to them.
Explain what means yankee traders?
Explain your illegal presence in the Neutral Zone.
Explain yours.
Explain yourself and your intent.
Explain yourself, Captain.
Explain yourself, Picard.
Explains what?
Explanation, Mister Data.
Explanation.
Explanations demanded and so forth.
Exploratory surgery.
Explore this image, Data.
Explorers like ourselves.
Explosion in Jefferies tube section T nine five.
Explosive charge on the main warp chamber.
Explosive decompression decks five through fourteen.
Explosive decompression on deck thirty seven.
Exposure to hyperonic radiation is fatal.
Express their gratitude.
Expression of what?
Extend hailing frequencies, all languages, all channels.
Extend shields.
Extend to maximum range!
Extending shields.
Extending warp field forward.
Extending.
Extensive.
Extermination may be our only alternative.
External radiation levels increasing, sir.
External temperature is zero point nine million Kelvins and rising.
External temperature one point nine million Kelvins.
External temperature zero point eight million Kelvins and rising.
Extinct?
Extraordinary!
Extrapolate from theoretical database.
Extreme fluctuations in the electromagnetic field.
Extreme sensor range.
Extremely rude behaviour.
Extremely well equipped.
Extremely.
Eyes in the dark could mean this twin star system.
Eyes, that's it.
FGC forty seven just doesn't have the proper ring to it.
Face down in the river.
Face facts, Kyle.
Face it, android.
Facing my deepest fear and living through it.
Facing the situation will.
Factor five.
Factor ten.
Facts about you?
Failed?
Failing.
Failure anticipated in forty seven seconds.
Failure in turboshaft four.
Failure to communicate is inherently hostile.
Failure to do so would represent an incalculable scientific loss.
Faint life signs.
Fair enough.
Fair's fair.
Fairies skip hence.
Fairly recent installation.
Fairly simple, common sense things.
Fairly soon the custom stopped.
Fairness is such a human concept.
Faith?
Fajo aims another disrupter at her.
Fajo has communications access restricted to the bridge.
Fajo spent more than half a day in orbit.
Fajo was in the right place at the right time just when we needed him most.
Fajo.
Fall back a bit but stay with them.
Familiar, yes, but I can't represent your peoples' interests.
Families.
Family emergency.
Family heirloom?
Family honour is important.
Family of traitors.
Family problems.
Fan out.
Fanatics who kill without remorse or conscience.
Fancy meeting you here.
Fang-lee?
Far away.
Far be it for me to accuse my superior officers.
Far off course.
Far too valuable for that.
Farek thought it was a bad idea, but I knew better.
Farek's about to begin the neural scan on Mother.
Farek, leave us.
Farewell, Worf.
Farewell, my new friends of the noble Enterprise.
Farewell.
Farpoint Station.
Fascinated.
Fascinating species.
Fascinating woman.
Fascinating!
Fascinating, Data, absolutely fascinating.
Fascinating, Wyatt, how easily your thoughts come through.
Fascinating, the advanced materials used in constructing this space station.
Fast.
Fatal exposure in twelve minutes.
Fatal exposure in twenty six minutes.
Fatalities?
Fate protects fools, little children and ships named Enterprise.
Father and son.
Father bought it from Skoran.
Father loved it when I nailed one of them with some subtle point of logic.
Father needs me.
Father says I would learn a great deal from working with someone as old as you.
Father says you don't like it here.
Father's cooking isn't as good as mother's.
Father, I love you.
Father, I think I should marry Dannick sooner rather than later, don't you?
Father, are you all right?
Father, come home.
Father, no!
Father, please.
Father, the sun's reaching its zenith.
Father, what is the significance of laughter?
Father, what's wrong?
Father?
Fathers continue to regard their sons as children, even into adulthood.
Fatigued.
Favours?
Fear is a quality that I do not possess.
Fear is the true enemy, the only enemy.
Fear of seeing you, losing my resolve.
Fear of staying, losing myself.
Fear, rage, panic.
Fear?
Federation craft.
Federation creatures, there are humans on the fifth planet of Tau Cygna.
Federation ship Enterprise.
Federation ship, do you read?
Federation ship.
Federation space.
Federation vessel, you have no rights in this solar system.
Federation!
Feed the coordinates to transporter room two.
Feeding on your own loneliness.
Feel better.
Feel free to look around.
Feel my hand.
Feel the notes inside your head.
Feel the warmth of my hand, the rhythm of my pulse.
Feeling a little jumpy this morning?
Feeling better?
Feelings do funny things.
Feelings of deja vu.
Feelings that you're somehow associated with.
Feels good to be on one again.
Feels like that right now.
Feet getting cold?
Felicitations.
Felicium's a narcotic.
Feline supplement number two twenty one.
Feline supplement one hundred twenty seven.
Feline supplement seventy four.
Felis catus is your taxonomic nomenclature.
Felis catus, is your taxonomic nomenclature.
Fell down a shaft.
Fellas, why don't you show me where your guidance system is, okay?
Felt?
Female?
Females do not deserve the honour of clothing.
Fencing?
Fento, stay and bind Palmer.
Fento, you know the legends better than anyone.
Ferengi codes are damn near impossible to break.
Ferengi contacts have been detected on both Selay and Antica, sir.
Ferengi on main viewscreen.
Ferengi pod out.
Ferengi pod, everybody in one piece over there?
Ferengi pod, out.
Ferengi pod, this is Lieutenant Commander La Forge in the Enterprise shuttle.
Ferengi transmissions are routinely scrambled and encoded, sir.
Ferengi vessel from Enterprise, come in.
Ferengi vessel has shut down its forward missile launcher.
Ferengi vessel, we are awaiting your response.
Ferengi vessel.
Ferengi?
Fermat's last theorem.
Ferrazene has a complex molecular structure.
Ferrazene, hylanatine, dardilion, chrysimite, and manzene.
Few hours maybe.
Few humans have ever seen an Antedean in the flesh.
Ficus sector.
Field strength's at forty percent and falling.
Fifteen cc's.
Fifteen cloaked ships spreading out along the border.
Fifteen metres per second.
Fifteen minutes after that, another.
Fifteen or twenty centuries ago, we had no Resolution.
Fifteen percent.
Fifteen thirty five hours.
Fifteen thousand two hundred fifty three, sir.
Fifteen thousand!
Fifteen thousand, three hundred eleven.
Fifteen years ago you took my son away from me.
Fifteen years ago, he assembled a team of scientists to expand that research.
Fifth Dynasty?
Fifty five thousand kilometres and closing.
Fifty hours.
Fifty is the bet.
Fifty million kilometres to Pentarus Five.
Fifty officers are waiting for your approval to transport down.
Fifty one minutes, fourteen seconds, sir.
Fifty seconds to auto-destruct.
Fifty thousand kilometres.
Fifty three seconds, sir.
Fifty three seconds.
Fifty three years ago, a Gatherer named Penthor-Mul.
Fifty three years ago, and she hasn't aged a day.
Fifty two seconds, sir.
Fifty two stars sir.
Fifty, and another fifty.
Fifty, right?
Fight, or try to escape.
Fighting off all the species you've insulted would be a full time mission.
Fighting would be preferable.
Fighting?
Figures.
File Dixon Hill, private detective.
File names can be anything, sir.
File or access code.
Fill me in.
Final pre-launch diagnostic, level five.
Final warning.
Finalists, please take your seats I'm Tac Officer Chang.
Finally I think I've found it.
Finally I was censured, sent off to command some distant sector.
Finally all the voices are silent.
Finally got an actual letter from Wesley.
Finally they knock him out) Captain's log, supplemental.
Finally to be heard.
Finally we have a game worth playing.
Finally, there can be no argument, the game is afoot!
Finally.
Find a man named Keeve Falor.
Find anything yet?
Find one of their supply ships and we'll see how irrelevant it is.
Find our which one and learn it.
Find out all you can about Bok.
Find out what happened on that ship.
Find out what they know about Korris and company.
Find out what they know about this Yridian trader.
Find out what they're saying?
Find out what you can, then join me, in force if necessary.
Find out what's going on.
Find some civilian clothes.
Find the Captain.
Find the assassin.
Find them.
Find your own.
Find yourself the right man, think of your future.
Finding a direction, travelling a path, crossing a boundary.
Fine with me, Captain.
Fine work you did with the Borg.
Fine work.
Fine, Captain but they're showing some signs of wear.
Fine, Captain.
Fine, Mister Data.
Fine, but don't leave her unattended.
Fine, fine, Enterprise out!
Fine, fine, just have your Klingon servant get us some chairs.
Fine, fine.
Fine, let's do it.
Fine, let's just do it.
Fine, whatever.
Fine, you got your powers back.
Finish dealing the hand.
Finish him now.
Finish him.
Finish it here, now!
Finish it later, please.
Finished, sir.
Finished.
Finn!
Finn, everyone is being rounded up.
Finoplak, one hundred denkirs.
Fire all phasers.
Fire all weapons!
Fire another volley directly into their field, Mister Worf.
Fire antimatter spread.
Fire at the enemy vessel when ready.
Fire distribution set.
Fire has been contained.
Fire in cargo hold seven.
Fire in sequence.
Fire in short, controlled bursts.
Fire is a chemical reaction.
Fire sculptor.
Fire streaks the heavens.
Fire the photons.
Fire thrusters.
Fire torpedo.
Fire up the engines.
Fire upon that ship.
Fire, Captain?
Fires lit the sky.
Firing on second target.
Firing photon torpedoes.
Firing plasma charge.
Firing second burst.
Firing sequence proceeding, sir.
Firing shuttle thrusters.
Firing torpedoes.
Firming up now.
First I must isolate the cause of the illness.
First I need to get a little information from you.
First Officer Brink and his men were behind it.
First Officer Kazago to human Riker.
First Officer and Mister Data have beamed aboard.
First Officer of the Enterprise, just been offered his first command.
First Officer on the Enterprise.
First Officer reporting.
First Officer's log, Stardate 41235.6.
First Officer's log, Stardate 42479.3.
First Officer's log, Stardate 43920.7.
First Officer's log, stardate 4124.5.
First Officer's log, stardate 41464.3.
First Officer's log, stardate 44001.4.
First Officer's log, stardate 44307.6.
First Officer's log, stardate 45048.8.
First Officer's log, stardate 45240.6.
First Officer's log, stardate 45245.8.
First Officer's log, stardate 47779.4.
First Officer's personal log.
First attack damaged the shields.
First contact was made by a Klingon expedition seventy years ago.
First his mother and now his father.
First impressions are the most important.
First impressions, right?
First impressions?
First initial S.
First it was a fish, and now it's a Mintonian sailing ship.
First it was class-M, now it isn't.
First load ready, Mister O'Brien.
First neural connection is confirmed.
First of all, I want to review Jo'Bril's physiology records.
First of all, and I would like you to be absolutely straightforward with me.
First of all, android or not, I wouldn't ask anyone to take that kind of risk.
First of all, she's a beautiful woman.
First officer to Captain.
First officer to Enterprise.
First officer's log, Stardate 43174.2.
First officer's log, Stardate 43745.2.
First officer's log, stardate 42761.3.
First officer's log, stardate 43998.5.
First officer's log.
First officer, maybe.
First priority was to maintain the shields.
First priority, get the shields up.
First they bath you in a protein bath.
First things first, Galen.
First time for everything.
First time navigating through a globular cluster, Ensign?
First volley released.
First we get a three, and then three of a kind.
First we've got to get the ship under control.
First you must learn to breathe.
First, Captain, may I say it is an honour to be on board such a fine vessel.
First, I had to learn how they communicate.
First, I'd like to inspect the damage to your engine room.
First, it was a fashion.
First, molecular biology.
First, we must to find them.
First, what are the medical conditions that might account for it?
First, you wanted to murder each other.
Five boys, all teens, all wearing uniforms.
Five card draw, deuces wild.
Five card stud, nothing wild, and the sky's the limit.
Five down.
Five four two point two.
Five giant hypodermic needles pointing towards his head.
Five here.
Five hundred dollars.
Five hundred kph.
Five hundred thirty two.
Five kilometres, sir.
Five minutes to launch site.
Five new science teams just beamed in from the Zhukov.
Five o'clock, sir.
Five of your people have been injured.
Five or six weeks.
Five survived the last Lornak raid.
Five to beam up.
Five years is a huge investment, Jean-Luc.
Five years of my life, wasted.
Five years old, but I survived.
Five, and twenty.
Five, six, seven metres.
Fix my guidance system and let me leave.
Flash, everyone is thrown to the floor and Data's head comes adrift.
Flashing blue eyes, square jaw.
Flattered, sort of.
Flatterer.
Fleet formation briefing in main war room at fifteen hundred hours.
Fleming on long range sensors, approximately zero point three light years away.
Fletcher has more experience with propulsion systems.
Fletcher, tell Munoz and Lee to get up here right away.
Flight path originated at bearing zero zero three, mark zero one five.
Flim-flam?
Flirting.
Flow regulator is not responding to manual override.
Flowers of all hue, and without thorn the rose.
Flowers!
Fluctuations in the isocortex.
Flush, possible straight flush.
Fly the ship and read?
Flying?
Focus it, and turn it into mechanical energy.
Focus on area.
Focus on it.
Focus on the present.
Focus the drechtal beams on the anterior and posterior spinal roots.
Focused.
Foetal position?
Foetal pulse?
Fog.
Folded-space transport.
Follow him and you reject all Klingon law.
Follow him!
Follow him.
Follow me after a few moments.
Follow me and I will show you honour.
Follow me now.
Follow me, and I will show you honour.
Follow me, gentlemen.
Follow me, please.
Follow the comm.
Follow them in, Mister Crusher.
Follow up on it, Mister Data.
Follow us in.
Follow your dreams and write about 'em.
Follow your orders?
Following protocol to the letter.
Fond farewell.
Food and water?
Food, refreshments?
Fool!
Footfalls.
Footprints might have been obliterated prior to your arrival.
For Commander Riker's sake, I hope my hypothesis is in error.
For God's sake, we haven't got much time.
For Masaka's temple.
For a Klingon in Worf's position, his life is over.
For a Klingon perhaps, but Riker's people do not volunteer for death so easily.
For a Klingon, this is a joyful time.
For a brief moment in time, he surely would be.
For a dish of Delovian souffle?
For a few minutes maybe.
For a good price.
For a human.
For a later discussion.
For a long time I did whatever I wanted, whenever I wanted.
For a long time I thought you were dead, too.
For a long time.
For a lot of things.
For a man in his position, he doesn't seem to know much about the situation.
For a man, you can be very clever, Commander Riker.
For a minute there I thought I'd misread you.
For a moment I thought I heard a threat implied.
For a moment there it looked like it was going to come to blows.
For a moment, a brief moment, I actually thought that woman was Masaka.
For a moment, he starts to turn away, then fires.
For a moment, we weren't sure you left the space station in time.
For a moment, you were.
For a price.
For a reason I cannot explain, I had the need to destroy it.
For a second there, I thought I was on the wrong ship.
For a ship and crew to function well it always starts with the Captain.
For a time I thought I had.
For a while it was.
For a while there it was really something to see.
For a while when you were a baby.
For a while you were.
For a while.
For all I know, I may find the same thing in the future.
For all I know, she was going to get the promotion instead of me.
For all children.
For all intents and purposes, the devil.
For all of you.
For all these years I've been plagued by what went wrong.
For all we know it could be them.
For all we know you planted the bomb yourself.
For all we know, he may still be lying, but we shall find that out soon enough.
For all we know, reversing course may be what leads us into the crash.
For all we know, reversing course might be what leads us into the crash.
For all we know, they could be threatening our border.
For all we know, you and I could be married.
For all we know, you and I could hate each other.
For all we know, you may be our captor.
For ambitious Starfleet officers, there are certain costs involved.
For an android with no feelings, he sure managed to evoke them in others.
For an ear infection?
For any event, there is an infinite number of possible outcomes.
For as long as she lasts.
For as long as we can hold it.
For battle, come to me!
For being alone?
For both of us.
For both of you.
For breakfast?
For centuries, my planet was in chaos.
For ever.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.
For everything, or just for the warp engine?
For example, I say can't or isn't, and you say cannot or is not.
For example, Kolrami is a third level grand master at the game of Strategema.
For example, Mintakan women precede their mates.
For example, star log entry, stardate today.
For example, the Channing's dilithium crystals theory I was telling you about?
For example, whether someone is right or left handed!
For five years I've shared you with that other life.
For following my orders so precisely, Data.
For giving me a good kick in the butt.
For going away.
For honour students, only the best.
For hours.
For humans, the sexual act brings a closeness and intimacy.
For instance, I have no recollection of how I spent my last birthday.
For instance, I'd like to know a little bit more about the job.
For instance, what do you think about when you see a bird?
For killing Duras.
For later publication.
For leaving him on Omicron Theta.
For letting down your guard, if only for a moment.
For lunch?
For many turns, the truth about Khitomer has lain dormant.
For me as well, Ambassador.
For me not to go could be construed as lack of interest.
For me to seek escape when my Captain goes into battle.
For me, too.
For me?
For more than a week.
For my people.
For myself.
For nothing.
For now, Hayne's Coalition is our only safe access to the colony.
For now, I think we should get off this planet.
For now, I'm giving you a direct order to withdraw.
For now, let's see what she has to say.
For now, we will have to enjoy that sweet innocence.
For obvious reasons, no one wants to keep it around.
For once I agree with Debin.
For once I thought I'd save you the trouble.
For once he and I agree on something.
For one sector only.
For one whose beauty surpasses even these pericules.
For quite a while, Mister Tholl.
For quite some time I've been meaning to say something to you.
For seventy years we have shouted, and no one's heard us.
For several nights there have been visions of Ardra.
For several years now, I have been trying to unravel the secrets of Tagus Three.
For several years.
For some months I have been poisoned with small doses of Veridium six.
For some reason I couldn't fix a signal on the other one.
For some reason I half expected the place to be a mess.
For some reason, I can't lock on to the shuttlecraft.
For some reason, the intron virus was not passed on to the kittens.
For some reason, they just don't seem to respond to me.
For some time, we have had certain friends among the Prytt.
For some, security is more important than comfort.
For some, the memory begins to fail.
For someone who just arrived, you certainly aren't shy with your opinions.
For staying ahead of your mother.
For stress.
For that alone, you should die.
For that information you'll have to ask him.
For that matter, could she be Q?
For that moment my purpose seemed clear, and then it was gone.
For that reason, I.
For that, we must honour them.
For the child and the parent.
For the eight hundred years people have been trying to solve it.
For the experience.
For the first time I feel completely out of touch.
For the first time since I've known you, I don't believe you.
For the first time, I knew it.
For the first time, individual Borg had differing ideas about how to proceed.
For the good of our house, yes.
For the good of the ship and the safety of everyone on board.
For the last six hours, we have been searching without success.
For the moment, I grant that.
For the moment, I have other duties.
For the moment.
For the most part, we've achieved a fully integrated existence.
For the murder of Jessica Bradley.
For the next time we encounter the Tamarians?
For the proceeding, you will not reveal your true father.
For the record, Captain, they died of old age.
For the record, will you tell us your name and position?
For the sake of the ship and the Federation, I request reassignment.
For the sole purpose of making Lieutenant La Forge their prisoner.
For the support of four squadrons?
For the vitamins.
For the wedding?
For them there are only two choices.
For these negotiations to succeed I must be a mediator, not an enforcer.
For thirty hours?
For though I speak it to you, I think the king is but a man, as I am.
For three hundred years, we have denied the carnal side of our nature.
For three years, since stardate 41124.
For tomorrow they will die together.
For trusting in me when no one else would.
For two days I've been trying to construct sentences without personal pronouns.
For two.
For understanding and for compassion.
For us or them?
For us, the problem is solved.
For us, yes.
For what it's worth, I understand your bitterness.
For what purpose I cannot say yet.
For what reason have you locked your weapons on us?
For what reasons, Leyor?
For what we consider love, sir, I would need a Klingon woman.
For what, sir?
For whatever finds us, my dear Watson.
For whatever is taken, something is given in return.
For which I will trade you lives.
For which side?
For which, of course, we have only your word.
For who are so free as the sons of the waves?
For whom else do you speak?
For whom?
For you to feel anxiety.
For you, Data, something special.
For you, Mister Spock.
For you, perhaps.
For you, that is.
For you.
For your own safety, it is important to eliminate those emissions.
For your own safety.
For your protection.
For your thoughts.
Forbid it?
Force field down.
Force field is maintaining our hull integrity.
Force field is off.
Force fields full on.
Forced spectrum communications are spotty at best, sir.
Forced to cover myself with fabric because of some outdated human morality.
Forced to endure Risa.
Forcefield down.
Forcefield off.
Forcefully.
Forever curious, this urge to compete.
Forever?
Forged credentials are a simple matter for a spy.
Forget Crusher and forget your logs.
Forget I said it.
Forget about me.
Forget him.
Forget that I called.
Forget the bet.
Forget the explanation!
Forget the fact that I beat you in thirty moves.
Forget the final check.
Forget the holodeck.
Forget the reception for a moment.
Forget to secure the door when you left?
Forget to set your alarm, Wesley?
Forget your previous error, Mister Worf.
Forgive me if I don't act surprised.
Forgive me, Captain, but I could not allow myself to do that.
Forgive me, Captain, but that does sound more like a threat than a compromise.
Forgive me, I do not mean to be rude, but I'm curious.
Forgive me, I don't mean to upset you, but have you noticed anything unusual?
Forgive me, Jay Gordon.
Forgive me, Mister Data.
Forgive me, but I must.
Forgive me, friend, but the stranger must be set free.
Forgive me, gentlemen.
Forgive me, madam.
Forgive my intrusion.
Forgive my saying so, sir, but you're being rather enigmatic.
Forgive my scepticism, Doctor, but your claims are somewhat extravagant.
Forgive the delay, Captain Picard.
Forgive the intrusion, Captain, but I need some answers.
Forgive this intrusion.
Forgive this tardiness.
Form an away team, Number One.
Formidable.
Formulate alternatives.
Fortunately his metabolic recovery is phenomenal.
Fortunately, Captain, I am not ready to start a war today.
Fortunately, I got there first.
Fortunately, I still have time to prepare the ship and crew for the task ahead.
Fortunately, I was able to cope with it.
Fortunately, I've done about as much as I can until we get there.
Fortunately, none of my biofunctions seem affected.
Fortunately, our investigation was more thorough.
Fortunately, they stopped short of overloading my circuitry.
Fortunately, they're very sparsely populated.
Fortunately, we have more evidence.
Forty Niner.
Forty billion people have already died.
Forty cc's inoprovaline.
Forty eight thousand.
Forty five seconds remaining.
Forty five years ago he made the wrong decision.
Forty four thousand.
Forty kilometres, aye, sir.
Forty metres due east and closing.
Forty nine people gone.
Forty percent.
Forty seconds to auto-destruct.
Forty seven days?
Forty six hours.
Forty six of her people suffered injuries, mostly minor.
Forty thousand kilometres.
Forty thousand.
Forty three officer's logs.
Forty two decks.
Forty two degrees seven minutes north by eighty eight degrees declination east.
Forty two minutes, sir.
Forty years of civil war, Captain.
Forty years.
Forty, maybe fifty minutes.
Forty-eight minutes.
Forty-five years ago I negotiated a hostage situation on Mordan, Captain.
Forty-one seconds, sir.
Forward deflectors online, sir.
Forward sensor array coming online.
Forward sensors are online.
Forward shields are gone.
Forward shields at fifty eight percent.
Forward shields down to seventy two percent.
Forward shields down to sixty eight percent, aft shields forty percent.
Forward shields to maximum.
Forward thrusters have failed, sir.
Forward tubes armed and ready, Captain.
Forward velocity down by one point one percent.
Forward velocity holding.
Forward velocity is down by point two percent, and dropping.
Forward velocity is dropping, Captain.
Forward velocity is holding steady.
Fought side by side I know you to be a brave and honourable man.
Found a new toy, have we, Ardi?
Found it in the shuttle.
Found something?
Foundation for what?
Four are motionless.
Four days at warp six, sir.
Four days, eleven hours.
Four hands in a row.
Four hundred percent over standard.
Four minutes to beam-up.
Four minutes, seventeen seconds.
Four more.
Four of the cadets managed to transport out.
Four of them children.
Four of us decided to flee Zalkon and let the metamorphosis take its course.
Four point seven million kilometres, sir.
Four seconds to arrival, sir.
Four sleeping areas.
Four, five seconds.
Four, maybe five seconds.
Four, three, two, one, energise.
Fourteen hundred hours, then.
Fourteen hundred hours, three minutes.
Fourteen hundred hours.
Fourteen kiloquad interface modules.
Fourteen minutes, sir.
Fourteen wonderful years they were too.
Fourteen, thirteen.
Fragment's new heading adjustment is at one point zero one degrees.
Frame of Mind?
Frank Hollander says he will approach from this end.
Frankenstein was his name.
Franklin and I were the only ones to survive the crash.
Franklin deserved better.
Franklin's dead, sir.
Franklin.
Frankly, Geordi, I like the beard.
Frankly, I don't have much confidence in the authorities on Dessica Two.
Frankly, I don't think I'll be around here that long.
Frankly, I find it hard to believe.
Frankly, I just don't see what that would get us.
Frankly, I was amazed when I saw how quickly she'd aged.
Frankly, I'm envious.
Frankly, Lieutenant, I don't think that's realistic.
Frankly, Wesley, I don't care.
Frankly, enough is enough.
Frankly, it still remains a mystery.
Frankly, now I want nothing more than what the fisherman expects of the worm.
Frankly, sir, I don't believe in your ability to command this ship.
Frankly, when I first heard about your father.
Frankly, yes.
Frederick La Rouque and Joe Falling Hawk.
Fredericks, take the conn.
Free them now and I will return you to the moon's surface.
Free to go?
Freedom is irrelevant.
Freely?
Freeze simulations.
Freeze visuals.
Freighter Sanction, this is the Enterprise, Get to your transporter pad and.
Freighter, we're going to lock on the tractor beam and pull you out of orbit.
Freighters, cruisers, starships, but this is the only one I think of.
Frenchman.
Frequencies like our standard ship's hail.
Frequency and code designate it as Commander Riker.
Frequency open and secured.
Frequency open.
Frequency-scan detectors engaged.
Frere Jacques, Frere Jacques, dormez vous?
Frere Jacques.
Friend.
Friend?
Friendly, isn't she?
Friendly.
Friends, close friends, are few and far between.
Friends, my brother and I must go back to the surface.
Friends.
Friendship must dare to risk, Counsellor, or it's not friendship.
Frightened.
Frightening, isn't it?
Frightening?
From China's Sung Dynasty, Fourteenth Century.
From Odan's description of the process it should be possible.
From South America.
From Worf's father?
From a Corvallen.
From a child's point of view.
From a space vessel of some kind.
From alcohol?
From all of us.
From another planet, hundreds of them.
From any particular point of view, sir?
From automatic shutdown.
From cargo bay three.
From following you.
From his pallor, he soon will be.
From his test scores, I'm sure he'll turn out to be one of my best students.
From home, but when I was a child.
From home.
From inside the Enterprise?
From inside the Romulan Zone.
From leporazine?
From limitless options I am reduced to none, or rather one.
From now on I'll do missionary work, okay?
From now on, I will refer to you only as human.
From one dishonoured Klingon.
From one of your conquests, no doubt.
From our mission records, personal logs, holodeck programs, our fantasies.
From planet to Starbase to planet.
From right here.
From that we should get a fairly complete outline.
From the Devoras.
From the Klingon outpost, Narendra Three.
From the Wellington?
From the barystatic filters?
From the character of the individual.
From the general to the specific.
From the history of my forebears.
From the look of it the Borg are born as biological life form.
From the look of the damage, it must've been a high speed impact.
From the looks of it, she's been totally destroyed.
From the moment I met you, I knew you were going to be trouble.
From the moment they agreed to give them the felicium, my hands were tied.
From the one person aboard this ship who can give you an order.
From the perspective of Lieutenant Yar using them in combat with Lutan's wife.
From the same source as before?
From the smell of things, I'd say we're aboard a Ferengi vessel.
From the sound of it there's not that much difference between our species.
From the starboard lounge, you can see whatever is outside this vessel.
From the starship Enterprise.
From the surface?
From the top!
From the workshop of the Master of Tarquin Hill.
From this.
From time to time, every computer, I mean Custodian, requires maintenance.
From what I saw, I find that hard to believe.
From what I understand, there's a good chance my Worf won't return.
From what I've seen, you've got a fine ship, Mister La Forge.
From what we can tell, the Array suffered a simple mechanical failure.
From what we know of other species, our method is less risky and less painful.
From where did the ionisation come?
From where you are, can you determine what's happening on the Romulan Bridge?
From within this room?
From you, Data.
From you, I guess.
From your Starfleet records.
From your knowledge of the man, what has gone wrong?
From your point of view, he is only a facsimile, a knock-off, a cheap imitation.
Frozen?
Full about, one quarter impulse.
Full ambassadorial status, sir.
Full boat, kings over.
Full circle.
Full cooperation, Number One.
Full names, date and place of birth.
Full of anger!
Full phasers.
Full power can be restored if needed.
Full power, sir.
Full power.
Full security alert!
Full sensors aft.
Full shield backup!
Full spread.
Full stop, helm.
Full stop, sir.
Full weapon systems.
Fully artificial life forms.
Fully enlarge.
Fully, Captain.
Fun is being back at work in my own uniform.
Fun wasn't exactly in my vocabulary.
Fun, sir?
Fun?
Functioning.
Fundamental respect for all living beings.
Funny, I don't see your name on it.
Funny, isn't it?
Funny?
Furniture?
Further analysis of the ash revealed that the cigar was laced with strychnine.
Further back.
Further both sets of footfalls are heavy and masculine.
Further contamination must be prevented.
Further energy emissions.
Further investigation is recommended.
Further orders forthcoming.
Furthermore, any rumours of my brush with death are greatly exaggerated.
Furthermore, pursuant to subsection D three, I name the Grisellas to arbitrate.
Furthermore, the field contains sufficient mass to account for the Fleming.
Fury over whatever it is he is reliving out there.
Fuse.
Fusion generator and batteries down by thirty percent.
Fusion generator online.
Fusion reactor uplink to navigation processor.
Fusion reactors four through nine into the shield array.
Future Imperfect Captain's Log, Stardate 44286.5.
G of t over G naught.
G sub I, J of t as t approaches infinity.
G'Armond T'Ris.
G'now juk Hol pajhard.
GUINAN; You stole his money?
Gagh is always best when served live.
Gagh?
Galaxy class starships, team seven, junior member.
Galaxy's Child Captain's Log, Stardate 44614.6.
Galen has allies on this ship.
Galen might be a loud mouthed fool, but sometimes he's quite perceptive.
Galen to Bridge.
Galen, go down to the cargo hold and check out those artefacts.
Gallium arsenide.
Galorndon Core is along the Barolian trade route.
Game penalty!
Games and toys and clothes.
Games of chance?
Games?
Gamma sequence.
Gaps?
Gardener of Edens.
Garvin is correct.
Gathering strength, I guess.
Gault is a farming colony.
Ge'ko kaf'la.
Geez, I don't know.
Gender female.
Gender male.
General quarters sounded, sir.
Generated by what?
Generator's right over there.
Generators going on and offline.
Generators?
Generosity has always been my weakness.
Genetic analysis could take months.
Genetic irregularities?
Genetic manipulation or not, nobody's perfect.
Genetic re-sequencing in progress.
Genetically engineered.
Genetically engineered?
Genetically, he is Kahless, and he is needed by our people.
Genetically, he's indistinguishable from Commander Riker.
Gentlemen, communicating like this is very distracting.
Gentlemen, gentlemen, we're running out of time.
Gentlemen, how goes the battle?
Gentlemen, how's it coming?
Gentlemen, please, let's not indulge in speculation.
Gentlemen, please, let's try and resolve this matter.
Gentlemen, please.
Gentlemen, this open session is called by request of the Caldonian delegation.
Gentlemen, this way.
Gentlemen, we have a way home.
Gentlemen, we need to find that source if we are to defeat this woman.
Gentlemen, we're giving you an assignment.
Gentlemen?
Gently, Marquez, don't bump it.
Gently, gently.
Genuine research takes time.
Geordi La Forge.
Geordi and I are the only two left.
Geordi and Worf?
Geordi beat me in straight sets today.
Geordi did it.
Geordi doesn't have several hours.
Geordi explained everything to me.
Geordi had a big date with Christy tonight.
Geordi has continuous visual contact with the wormhole, Captain.
Geordi is a friend.
Geordi is trying to stabilise the unit now.
Geordi kept hitting to my backhand at the net.
Geordi looks at the instrumentation on the device.
Geordi must correctly interpret our intentions.
Geordi must not be assimilated.
Geordi must not die.
Geordi observed movement.
Geordi said you wanted to see us.
Geordi thinks he is in command here, and he is correct.
Geordi thinks that'll be ready by oh eight hundred hours tomorrow.
Geordi was present at all three locations.
Geordi will be able to learn from him.
Geordi's an engineer, not a weapons specialist.
Geordi's analysis of the subspace distortion the Borg used to escape.
Geordi's dead.
Geordi's examination was exemplary.
Geordi's found something.
Geordi's still working on him.
Geordi's uniform.
Geordi's up to speed.
Geordi's well equipped to deal with the situation, Wes.
Geordi, Data, reconfigure the computer and the records.
Geordi, I am still confused by Chief O'Brien's reaction this morning.
Geordi, I believe I have an explanation.
Geordi, I believe I've experienced my first emotion.
Geordi, I brought something back from Risa that you have got to try it.
Geordi, I have analysed the probe's sensor logs.
Geordi, I have noticed that you have not shaved.
Geordi, I have taken your suggestion regarding Spot.
Geordi, I have to return to the Enterprise.
Geordi, I just had a strange conversation with your assistant.
Geordi, I know how this looks.
Geordi, I may have seemed a little harsh about the situation aboard the Raman.
Geordi, I need some visual assistance.
Geordi, I need your help.
Geordi, I remember seeing a plasma conduit right there.
Geordi, I saw her make out the death certificates.
Geordi, I think our guest is going to have a lot of engineering questions.
Geordi, I want you to conduct a discreet scan of Gul Lemec's ship.
Geordi, I want you to continue to scan the archive.
Geordi, I'd like you to talk to Counsellor Troi.
Geordi, I've just spoken with Starfleet.
Geordi, Troi and I will return to the Enterprise.
Geordi, Worf, and I transported down to track the source.
Geordi, Worf, you're with me.
Geordi, active scanner output has increased by twenty six percent.
Geordi, any progress identifying the probe?
Geordi, any update on the Vulcan ships?
Geordi, are we going to have those shields anytime soon?
Geordi, are we planning to fire on the alien habitat?
Geordi, are you all right?
Geordi, are you implying the exocomp exhibited some form of self-preservation?
Geordi, are you in pain?
Geordi, are you okay?
Geordi, are you ready down there?
Geordi, are you seeing the image of your mother?
Geordi, as a child, did you ever experience a traumatic event?
Geordi, begin countdown on my mark.
Geordi, can you direct any more power to the shields?
Geordi, can you give us enough power to get us out of here?
Geordi, can you see Worf?
Geordi, can you take the engines offline?
Geordi, could this log have been damaged in any way?
Geordi, could you repair the ODN conduit if you went into the crawlspace?
Geordi, could you repair the conduit?
Geordi, do you hear me?
Geordi, does the configuration of connection nodes look familiar to you?
Geordi, evacuate Engineering.
Geordi, extend shields around shuttle one.
Geordi, fire up the impulse engines.
Geordi, get us back to Aldea.
Geordi, get us out of here.
Geordi, have you ever had a nightmare?
Geordi, have you found it yet?
Geordi, have you had these symptoms before?
Geordi, hi.
Geordi, how are you coming with the survey preparations?
Geordi, how can I help you?
Geordi, how do you feel?
Geordi, how far and how fast can that transport ship travel?
Geordi, how long will it take to get it all ready?
Geordi, if the Professor was right, I will need a twenty seven second countdown.
Geordi, increase power to shields.
Geordi, it is good to see you.
Geordi, it would eliminate the constant pain you are under.
Geordi, it's as if you're growing new eyes.
Geordi, it's me, Leah.
Geordi, join us in Transporter room three.
Geordi, may I ask your advice in a personal matter?
Geordi, may I make a personal inquiry?
Geordi, maybe if you get a little rest and came at this thing fresh.
Geordi, my voice is familiar.
Geordi, perhaps this problem is related to our interface experiment.
Geordi, please return power to the control console in this room.
Geordi, report.
Geordi, see if you can tell if it's one of ships we've been looking for.
Geordi, servos off.
Geordi, step closer.
Geordi, stop!
Geordi, tell me about Tasha Yar.
Geordi, that could have been anything.
Geordi, that head is over five hundred years old.
Geordi, the Hera's last reported location was three hundred light years away.
Geordi, the atmosphere becomes increasingly turbulent the farther down you go.
Geordi, the engine core is completely inactive.
Geordi, the shields will hold.
Geordi, there has been a slight drop in sensor efficiency.
Geordi, there should be a power utilisation monitor over there.
Geordi, there's no other way.
Geordi, this appears to be the master subsurface pump.
Geordi, this is critical.
Geordi, this is intriguing.
Geordi, this species, can you communicate with it?
Geordi, try boosting the power to the LU bands.
Geordi, wait a second.
Geordi, we need more warp power, now.
Geordi, we're going to need power back soon.
Geordi, we're in position.
Geordi, we've lost transmission.
Geordi, what can you tell me?
Geordi, what did you do?
Geordi, what do you see?
Geordi, what does it feel like when a person is losing his mind?
Geordi, what happened to the Captain?
Geordi, what have you found?
Geordi, what is going on?
Geordi, what is taking so long?
Geordi, what the hell happened?
Geordi, what the hell is going on here?
Geordi, what's going on down there?
Geordi, what's happening to you?
Geordi, what's happening?
Geordi, what's that?
Geordi, what's wrong?
Geordi, where are you going?
Geordi, who are you speaking to?
Geordi, you and Ro.
Geordi, you are putting me in a difficult position.
Geordi, you do not seem to appreciate Ensign Tyler's enthusiasm.
Geordi, you don't make the trip from Rigel Three to Earth just to drop by.
Geordi, you will be his First Officer.
Geordi, you'll be pleased to know that you're not missing any epithelial cells.
Geordi, you'll brief him on what he needs to know?
Geordi, you're with me.
Geordi, you've got to stabilise that tractor beam.
Geordi, your message said urgent.
Geordi, your mother's gone.
Geordi.
Geordi?
Geothermal energy is the one great blessing of this planet.
Germanium.
Germany's getting ready to invade England.
Get Admiral Hanson on subspace.
Get Hannah Bates.
Get Pomet started on it right away.
Get Riva here.
Get a Security team together.
Get a fire control party up here!
Get a fresh start?
Get a hypospray.
Get a plasma infusion unit to deck seven, section nineteen.
Get a tractor beam on her.
Get another one.
Get away from her!
Get away from her.
Get away from me.
Get away from there.
Get away!
Get back here!
Get back to your post, Vekor.
Get back.
Get down here and keep an eye on our barber.
Get down.
Get her off the screen.
Get him cleaned up.
Get him into a surgical cubicle.
Get him off my Bridge.
Get him off my ship!
Get him on here.
Get him out of here.
Get him out of there!
Get him out of there.
Get him sedated.
Get him to Sickbay.
Get him to a detention cell.
Get him to board the damned ship.
Get him.
Get inside.
Get it all out.
Get it done in two days.
Get it fixed.
Get it to Sickbay right away.
Get me Groppler Zorn.
Get me Lieutenant Yar.
Get me a full report from Engineering.
Get me a full report on the prospects of getting our shields back.
Get me an epidermal sample.
Get me out of here.
Get me some answers, Doctor.
Get me something appropriate.
Get me the Sheliak.
Get me three octares of adrulmine, high frequency EM charge unit now!
Get me twenty cc's of opporozine.
Get my notes, they're in the lab.
Get off my bridge!
Get off my ship.
Get off your knees and soar.
Get on with it.
Get on with your duties.
Get out of here.
Get out of my chair.
Get out of my house.
Get out of my mind.
Get out of that water now.
Get out of the way!
Get out of the way.
Get ready to deploy the mines.
Get ready, Data.
Get rid of him now.
Get rid of it.
Get rid of that damned twitch and put on the correct uniform.
Get rid of the android.
Get some rest, Doctor.
Get some rest, Will.
Get some rest.
Get that man off the Bridge, now.
Get that off my table.
Get that seal back up.
Get that stiff out of here.
Get the core back online.
Get the damned control chips back in place, in the correct order.
Get the doctor.
Get the hypospray.
Get the water.
Get them out of there, O'Brien.
Get them to flood that room with a stronger beam.
Get them together and we'll meet at my house.
Get those people prepared to evacuation.
Get to cover!
Get to it, Tomalak.
Get to know the man better.
Get to your feet, criminals!
Get to your tents now.
Get up!
Get us jammed into shelter areas.
Get us out of here now!
Get us some.
Get us to the Enterprise.
Get word to Gosheven.
Get your hand off of that.
Getting out of here.
Getting sensor readings.
Getting some answers, because you can't get him to talk.
Getting that readout now, Data.
GhoS!
GhoS.
Ghost stories.
Ghosts, perhaps?
Gia, I believe I have found the answer.
Gia, I think we should leave.
Gia, I would like you to accompany me to the village.
Gia, go home.
Gia, go on to school.
Gia, is the well in the town square the only source of water for this village?
Gia, when did you begin wearing that pendant?
Gia?
Giants in the field of archaeology.
Gibberish?
Gik'tal?
Gilgamesh and Enkidu at Uruk.
Gilgamesh defeated Enkidu.
Gilgamesh struck it with his sword.
Gilgamesh, a king, at Uruk.
Gilgamesh, a king.
Gilgamesh.
Gilnor?
Gin'tak?
Gin.
Ginger tea with honey, eighty degrees Celsius.
Ginger tea?
Gir'nak tovo'sor!
Girls are made from sugar and spice, and boys are made from snips and snails.
Give Clara a chance.
Give Slick another shot.
Give everyone something to do, somewhere to focus their attention.
Give her good time.
Give her to me, or I may be forced to report your transgressions.
Give him back.
Give him full access to our records.
Give him ten cc's of terakine for the pain.
Give in to your desires.
Give it a few more days.
Give it time.
Give it to her.
Give it to him.
Give it to me or I will take it by force.
Give it up, fellas.
Give it up.
Give me a chance to put things back the way they were before.
Give me a choice then.
Give me a couple of minutes here, Captain.
Give me a direction.
Give me a four.
Give me a full scan.
Give me a great big hug.
Give me a hand here.
Give me a hand with that, will you, Data?
Give me a hand with this!
Give me a minute.
Give me a moment, gents.
Give me a risk analysis of whatever solution you come up with.
Give me a second, here.
Give me a ship.
Give me a theory, Doctor.
Give me a visual.
Give me an example of what you mean.
Give me back my control.
Give me everything you've got.
Give me just a second.
Give me just two minutes.
Give me lab interior image.
Give me more about Darmok on the ocean.
Give me more about Darmok.
Give me more time.
Give me one hour.
Give me six months.
Give me some background.
Give me some options, Data, quickly.
Give me ten cc's of kayolane.
Give me the candle, Beverly.
Give me the crew manifest.
Give me the sign.
Give me the trilithium.
Give me two, three hours, tops.
Give me what you have now.
Give me your visor.
Give my nervous system chance to adjust.
Give my regards to your Captain.
Give them some reassurance.
Give up without a fight?
Give us a minute, Captain.
Give us a superior curve, Mister Crusher.
Give us a tight visual, Data.
Give us everything you can to close the gap, Geordi.
Give us one last chance for peace.
Give us time to determine what is going on happened here.
Give you a better chance.
Give you a bigger stick maybe.
Give you the keys to the city.
Give your identity.
Give yourself a chance to reflect on this experience.
Give yourself permission to be selfish.
Give yourself some credit, Mister Barclay.
Given a choice between slim and none, I'll take slim any day.
Given a choice, they'd rather kill each other than any of us.
Given his feelings about me, it seemed a sensible thing to do.
Given in to what?
Given our current relations, that does not appear likely.
Given the effects we have observed, the probability is exceedingly remote, sir.
Given the importance of the data, I think that it's worth the risk.
Given the option, I'll walk.
Given the selections, I prefer FGC four seven.
Glad the Academy's still teaches the strategies of Sun Tzu.
Glad to be of service, sir.
Glad to help.
Glad you are here, Wesley.
Glad you could join us.
Glad you feel better.
Glad you were with us out here in the real world today, Mister Barclay.
Glad you're here.
Gladly accepted, sir.
Gladly, Captain.
Gladly.
Glands erupting with hormones.
Glass?
Glide, creep, skulk, pussyfoot, gumshoe.
Glob fly?
Glorious and wonderful and all that, but it doesn't mean anything.
Glory for the Empire.
Go ahead Captain.
Go ahead Enterprise.
Go ahead and activate the beam emitter.
Go ahead and beam aboard a sample, will you?
Go ahead and beam your passengers on board.
Go ahead and start, Captain.
Go ahead, Aaron.
Go ahead, Bridge.
Go ahead, Commander, what can I do for you?
Go ahead, Doctor, bring it back in.
Go ahead, Enterprise.
Go ahead, I'll keep an eye on her.
Go ahead, LaForge.
Go ahead, Mister La Forge.
Go ahead, Mister Orton.
Go ahead, Riker.
Go ahead, Tasha.
Go ahead, Will.
Go ahead, call her.
Go ahead, pick it up.
Go ahead, please.
Go ahead, squad leader.
Go ahead.
Go and join the others.
Go babe, let's go.
Go back in the house, Rishon.
Go back into that memory.
Go back or thou shalt most certainly die.
Go back to hailing frequency, fast.
Go back to where my father and I first walked into the saloon.
Go back to your life.
Go back to your room and pout?
Go back whence thou camest.
Go back where you came from!
Go back!
Go back, Will.
Go back.
Go carefully, Administrator.
Go carefully, Batai.
Go deck by deck if you have to.
Go find your father, dear.
Go flying past.
Go from me!
Go get it.
Go home, old woman.
Go inside.
Go into the cockpit, and look for a small comm.
Go lay down!
Go on I'll see you later.
Go on with your briefing, Mister Data.
Go on with your report.
Go on, Professor.
Go on, do it!
Go on, get some help.
Go on, gorgeous.
Go on, please.
Go on, sit on the chair.
Go take a look, fast!
Go talk to her.
Go to Nelvana Three, and you will see.
Go to Red Alert!
Go to Red Alert, please.
Go to Yellow Alert, Lieutenant Worf.
Go to backup systems.
Go to bed.
Go to blazes.
Go to eighty percent of tolerance, Data.
Go to half impulse power.
Go to impulse power.
Go to manoeuvring jets.
Go to manual.
Go to science station two on the main Bridge.
Go to the cemetery.
Go to the navigational computer and check file one three seven slash omega.
Go to thirty point one.
Go to three quarters impulse.
Go to warp eight.
Go to warp engines, factor one.
Go to warp four, Mister Bennett.
Go to warp when we're clear of the debris field.
Go to work.
Go to your quarters.
Go to your stations.
Go with your friends.
Go, and return quickly.
Go, go, go, go Data.
Go, go.
God forbid I should miss my first look at the wormhole.
God has prevented your escape.
God is said to be somewhere up there, protecting us.
God knows we've seen enough of them.
God knows, I don't always succeed.
God, it's so good to see you again.
God, it's so simple it might even work.
God, man, you are a character you are.
God, what am I supposed to tell the Captain?
God-like efficiency.
God?
Going to Yellow Alert.
Going to full tolerance levels, now.
Going to half impulse.
Going to impulse power, now.
Going to one half impulse.
Going to secondary systems.
Going to the Academy again feels like looking backward.
Gold would be lovely with this.
Gomtuu.
Gone.
Good God, what's that?
Good Lord!
Good Lord, Duras tried to have me killed!
Good Lord, Geordi.
Good Lord, Martin.
Good Lord, didn't anybody here build ships in bottles when they were boys?
Good Lord, man, where have you put me?
Good Lord, no.
Good Lord, son.
Good Lord, you are talking about machines with a screw loose.
Good afternoon, sir.
Good as new, Captain.
Good boy.
Good choice.
Good day, Mister Hill.
Good day, ladies.
Good enough to be useful to our abductors?
Good evening ladies and germs.
Good evening, Commander Data.
Good evening, Commander.
Good evening, Mister Data.
Good evening, sir.
Good evening.
Good for you, Data.
Good for you, Uncle.
Good game.
Good guess.
Good health to you!
Good health!
Good hunting, Commander.
Good hunting.
Good job, Reg.
Good job, period.
Good luck on your mission.
Good luck to both of you.
Good luck with that ambition.
Good luck, Admiral.
Good luck, Data.
Good luck, Doctor.
Good luck, First Officer Riker.
Good luck, Geordi.
Good luck, Hugh.
Good luck, Jean-Luc.
Good luck, Mister Data.
Good luck, Reg.
Good luck, Wesley.
Good luck, and a successful journey.
Good luck, sir.
Good man.
Good manners, Madam, are never a waste of time.
Good morning, Batai.
Good morning, Commander.
Good morning, Groppler Zorn.
Good morning, Mister Picard.
Good morning, my lord.
Good news, Aaron.
Good night, Captain.
Good night, K'mtar.
Good night, Wesley.
Good old Often Wrong Soong.
Good point.
Good tea.
Good then.
Good thing we didn't bring Data.
Good to be back, sir.
Good to drink with you, Kurn.
Good to have you aboard.
Good to have you back, Commander.
Good to meet you, Kanin.
Good to meet you, Mister Locarno.
Good to meet you.
Good to see you too, Graham.
Good to see you, Doctor.
Good to see you, too.
Good to see you.
Good try, nine out of ten for effort.
Good we can do this.
Good work, Chief.
Good work, Data.
Good work, Doctor.
Good work, Mother.
Good work, Tyler.
Good!
Good, Mister La Forge.
Good, Wesley.
Good, because here we stand.
Good, because our survival depends upon it.
Good, fine.
Good, good, good.
Good, good.
Good, he sees them.
Good, since we admire what we've seen of your construction techniques.
Good, so do we.
Good, solid Romulan name.
Good, that'll do it.
Good, that's doing it.
Good, then see to it that we get chairs.
Good, we're almost done here.
Good, we've almost got it.
Good, you bore that well.
Good, you're awake.
Good, you've heard of phasers.
Good-bye my friend.
Good.
Good?
Goodbye Mrs.
Goodbye now.
Goodbye, Ambassador.
Goodbye, Beverly.
Goodbye, Cadet.
Goodbye, Captain Okona.
Goodbye, Commander.
Goodbye, Dad.
Goodbye, Daddy.
Goodbye, Doctor.
Goodbye, Father.
Goodbye, Hugh.
Goodbye, Johnny.
Goodbye, Jono.
Goodbye, Lieutenant.
Goodbye, Lore.
Goodbye, Mother.
Goodbye, Wes.
Goodbye, Wesley, and good luck.
Goodbye, Will.
Goodbye, Worf.
Goodness had nothing to do with it.
Goodnight, Alexander.
Goodnight, Commander.
Goodnight, Data.
Goodnight, Kamin.
Goodnight, Lwaxana.
Goodnight, Mister Barclay.
Goodnight, Spot.
Goodnight, Will.
Goodnight, everybody.
Goodnight, my friend.
Goodnight, sir.
Gordon.
Gorta.
Gosheven's done well for us, but I'd like to hear more of what you have to say.
Gosheven's got a lot of supporters.
Gosheven, look what's come.
Gosheven, you're talking nonsense.
Goss has fired a missile at the wormhole.
Got a hot date with my fella.
Got another king in the hole, Data?
Got any memories you feel like digging up?
Got her now.
Got him!
Got him, sir.
Got him.
Got some packing to do.
Got something.
Got them.
Got to beam those people over now.
Got to go.
Got to remember to breathe.
Got'em nailed.
Gotcha!
Governor Torak, I apologise.
Governor Torak, sir.
Governor Vagh, thank you for coming.
Governor Worf is aboard, Captain.
Governor, exactly what do you think the Federation has done?
Governor, if I could explain this I would.
Governor, it does not matter what you or I think.
Governor, we are merely exploring all the possibilities.
Governor, you speak as if we are enemies, not allies.
Gowron came to me alone.
Gowron does not care about what is sacred.
Gowron has been rewriting Klingon history.
Gowron has brought the Knife of Kirom?
Gowron has completed the Rite of Succession.
Gowron has suffered another loss in the Mempa system.
Gowron is looking forward to seeing you again.
Gowron is nearly out of options.
Gowron is nothing.
Gowron is the Leader of the Council.
Gowron is weak.
Gowron knows that his days are nearly over.
Gowron must answer a challenge to his authority.
Gowron or Duras.
Gowron or K'Tal?
Gowron shall lead the Council.
Gowron should forbid any challenges until we are victorious.
Gowron was right.
Gowron will come here?
Gowron will not live to see the day he leads the Council.
Gowron won't bother with such a minor incident.
Gowron's forces have attacked in three sectors.
Gowron, son of M'Rel, hakt'em.
Gowron?
Graciously, Mister Picard.
Gradual acceleration to forty percent power.
Graduate of the Daystrom Institute Theoretical Propulsion Group.
Grand.
Grandpa?
Granger said he hadn't seen either one of you.
Grateful.
Graves, every man has his time.
Graves, give Data back.
Graves, listen to me.
Graves, this experiment must be terminated.
Gravitational acceleration is also increasing.
Gravitational distortion is too great, Captain.
Gravitational fluctuations within acceptable parameters.
Graviton emitters at full power, sir.
Graviton generators operating normally.
Graviton-wake field collapsing.
Gravity and oxygen within our limits.
Gravity, temperature, atmosphere, light, all in a protective stasis field.
Great Scott!
Great explorers are often lonely.
Great fun.
Great job, boys.
Great joy and gratitude, from both of them.
Great story.
Great to see you.
Great way of looking at it, Data.
Great work, Doctor.
Great!
Great, you do that.
Greek, sir?
Green as hell.
Green grass.
Green polychrome over the eyes, and the eyes themselves are closed.
Greetings Enterprise.
Greetings from the United Federation of Planets.
Greetings, Captain Picard.
Greetings, Captain.
Greetings, Commander.
Greetings, Electorine.
Greetings, Wesley Crusher.
Greetings, gentlemen.
Greetings.
Greg, this is politics, and I'm not good at politics.
Grief has been transmuted to joy.
Grievously savage could mean anything.
Grisellas?
Gromek out.
Groppler Zorn may have the answers we need.
Groppler Zorn, sir.
Groppler Zorn, there'll soon be no Farpoint Station, if I'm right about this.
Groppler, I could have sworn it wasn't here a minute ago.
Groppler, you captured something like that, didn't you?
Growl for me.
Growth and change?
Growth rate has definitely slowed.
Growth.
Gruss Gott.
Guard, escort the Lady Marian to her chamber.
Guess I could come down to that level for a while.
Guess I ought to get it over with.
Guess I was right.
Guess I was wrong about you folks.
Guess we have our answer.
Guidance coupling's severed.
Guidance systems normal.
Guile.
Guilty of what?
Guilty.
Guinan is not the issue here.
Guinan is very selective about whom she calls a friend.
Guinan needs medical attention.
Guinan says I died a senseless death in the other time line.
Guinan, I have to know something.
Guinan, Lal needs to observe human behaviour.
Guinan, how much more can you tell us about these creatures?
Guinan, if they were that aggressive, why didn't the Borg attack?
Guinan, is the joining of hands a symbolic act for humans?
Guinan, it's the same visor.
Guinan, people come to you to talk about things they want to reveal.
Guinan, that was twenty three years ago.
Guinan, that's not the point.
Guinan, they will die moments after they return.
Guinan, those skills only develop after years of experience.
Guinan, two people died on this ship.
Guinan, we're at war.
Guinan, your people have been in this part of the galaxy.
Gul Dolak, Cardassian Militia Four One.
Gul Evek assured me that they had stopped that practice.
Gul Evek to the Vetar.
Gul Evek wants to meet with you to discuss the situation on the surface.
Gul Evek!
Gul Evek, those people are Federation citizens and I am sworn to protect them.
Gul Evek.
Gul Lemec has arrived.
Gul Lemec, a pleasure.
Gul Lemec, as you know.
Gul Macet, will you join me on the Bridge?
Gul Macet, you see we are doing everything in our power to reach the Phoenix.
Gurt'ank te'la.
Guys, you're holding up the game.
H's being interrogated.
HIHIvqa'.
Ha.
Hachidan kiritsu!
Had I been older, perhaps we could've been.
Had a small run-in with an aspiring sprinter.
Had it not happened to me, I would find it difficult to accept as well.
Had sought the challenge of creating a new lifestyle, a new society there.
Had to eliminate Brink.
Had to make myself beautiful.
Had to stop power transfer.
Haden out.
Hail Minister Lorin, please.
Hail it.
Hail on all frequencies.
Hail the Ferengi on my command.
Hail the Ferengi.
Hail the Jovis.
Hail the Krayton.
Hail the Warbird, Mister Worf.
Hail the Yridians.
Hail the scout.
Hail them again, Mister Worf.
Hail them on upper and lower band frequencies, Mister Worf.
Hailing frequencies are open.
Hailing frequencies closed.
Hailing frequencies off.
Hailing frequencies opened.
Hailing is standard procedure today, too.
Hailing on all frequencies.
Hair brush.
Half A Life Counsellor Deanna Troi, personal log, stardate 44805.3.
Half a gram of Anjoran biomimetic gel.
Half a light year away.
Half impulse until we clear the nebula, then punch it to warp nine.
Half impulse, Mister Crusher.
Half metre to the right, Geordi.
Half the class washes out every year.
Half the time I wasn't sure if she was going to lick me or scratch my face off.
Half-Betazoid.
Halfway through the Woden sector.
Hali, any sign of Palmer or Riker?
Hali, find Riker and Palmer.
Hali.
Halloween?
Hallucinations?
Halt your vessel and drop your shields.
Hand me over to Kushell, and Debin goes to war.
Hand me that magnaspanner.
Hand me the sequencer.
Hands up, let's go.
Hands up.
Handsome.
Hang in there, Worf.
Hang on, Doctor.
Hang on, I'm coming.
Hang your head over, hear the wind blow.
Hanging a plant for Keiko.
Hannah Bates is one of our scientists.
Hannah, I'd like you to meet our guests.
Hannah, let's allow Aaron and Captain Picard to discuss this.
Hannah, my visor's positronic scan would have detected the leak.
Hannah, this is your home.
Hanson out.
Happened even more quickly.
Happened right in front of us.
Happier than I've ever known you to be.
Happiness to you!
Happy anniversary, Worf.
Happy day, everybody.
Happy day, father.
Happy.
Hard about, full impulse.
Hard at work?
Hard to construct so only one allowed per vessel.
Hard to say at this distance, sir.
Hard to say.
Hard to send by subspace.
Hard to starboard.
Hard.
Hardly a fitting end for one of the Federation's most honoured diplomats.
Hardly a mistake, sir.
Hardly an inviting planet, even for a research establishment.
Hardly none.
Hardly the response we expected.
Hardly, Number One.
Hardly, sir.
Harm has already come to them.
Harmless to you.
Harmless, but effective.
Harmonic sequences have begun.
Harry, come back here!
Harry, we all have to be in this together or it's not going to work.
Has Data made any progress in contacting them?
Has Spot been misbehaving?
Has Starfleet Command approved this arrangement?
Has Worf found anything?
Has already been violated.
Has anybody seen Lieutenant Barclay?
Has anyone ever told you how attractive they are?
Has anything been disturbed?
Has anything happened to the Enterprise?
Has been absorbed into the rift.
Has been for years.
Has he ever been in love?
Has his DNA been changed as well?
Has it been adrift for all those years, or has it has travelled through time?
Has it been giving you any problems lately?
Has it been that apparent?
Has it filled your heart with peace?
Has it helped?
Has it maintained polarity?
Has just entered the establishment.
Has she reported in?
Has she suffered any ill effects?
Has she?
Has something else happened?
Has something happened?
Has studied, sir.
Has the Phoenix activated its weapon systems?
Has the T'Ong dropped its shields?
Has the alien communicated?
Has the ambassador been delayed?
Has the cause of her destruction been ascertained?
Has there been any damage to the ship?
Has there been any word?
Has there still been no communication from Commander Riker, Data?
Has your analysis suggested any way in which we might seal this rupture?
Has your captain returned safely?
Hasn't filled a straight in five weeks.
Hasn't he told you?
Hasn't that been the problem all along?
Hasn't the crew of the Enterprise caused enough damage already?
Hasperat.
Hate!
Haunted?
Have Beverly concoct some reason for giving him a full medical examination.
Have Commander LaForge transport a stasis unit from the astrophysics lab.
Have Commander Riker and his team beam back up.
Have Commander Riker come to my Ready room as soon as he's on board.
Have Guinan call me if you need anything.
Have I always been the only member of the crew of the Starship Enterprise?
Have I been dreaming again?
Have I been talking too much?
Have I been the subject of conversation?
Have I committed an offence?
Have I done something wrong, sir?
Have I done something wrong?
Have I done the right thing?
Have I failed you in some way?
Have I given you any indication that I might not serious?
Have I given you cause to think otherwise?
Have I have permission to have Commander Data repeat the record?
Have I mentioned how imaginative the Risian women are, sir?
Have I missed much?
Have I said something to offend you?
Have I said something to upset you?
Have I?
Have Mister La Forge break fixed orbit and initiate a search pattern.
Have Mrs.
Have Security arrange an escort for this gentleman.
Have Sickbay ready for the casualties you're about to send me.
Have a drink with me, Captain.
Have a drink with you?
Have a good time, Number One.
Have a good time.
Have a good time?
Have a good trip, Captain.
Have a nice trip?
Have a real look.
Have a safe journey home, Jeremiah.
Have a safe trip.
Have a seat, Admiral Jarok.
Have a second childhood without the pain of growing up again.
Have all available ships rendezvous at these coordinates in two days.
Have an emergency medical team meet me outside Ten Forward.
Have been for centuries.
Have either of you seen Deanna?
Have faith in their abilities to solve their problems on their own.
Have fun with it.
Have her report to me immediately for an interview.
Have him report to Commander Maddox immediately for experimental refit.
Have him scan the region for temporal anomalies.
Have it your way, Ensign Picard.
Have it your way, kid.
Have it your way.
Have more time.
Have one standing by just in case.
Have security confine all nonessential personnel to their quarters.
Have something to eat.
Have the boy brought to my Ready Room.
Have the boy sent to the Bridge, Number One.
Have the courage to admit your mistakes.
Have the designated pilots assemble at main shuttlebay.
Have the lesions gone?
Have the miners searched them?
Have the outpost stations send us their tactical reports.
Have the science sections found a way to circumvent the detection grid yet?
Have the transporter room beam the ore to these coordinates.
Have the two of you met before?
Have them amuse me.
Have them beam him aboard.
Have them go to their own transporter room.
Have them standing by in case we need them.
Have they been delayed?
Have they been here since the ship was built?
Have they completed the regeneration series?
Have they crossed the border?
Have they estimated time for repairs?
Have they found us?
Have they given any hint of what they've been waiting for?
Have they reinverted the environmental control sequencer?
Have they tamed you, or have you always been docile?
Have they treated you well?
Have they?
Have tissue regrowth standing by.
Have transporter room one maintain a lock on each member of your away team.
Have trust in me.
Have we become so fearful?
Have we been able to access any of those records?
Have we disabled the Medical Lab computer console?
Have we got a fix on her?
Have we got our phasers back?
Have we met before?
Have we met?
Have we reached the Neutral Zone?
Have you all lost your minds?
Have you always been so disciplined?
Have you analysed the risk factor?
Have you any idea how far we'll advance?
Have you any idea how this happened?
Have you any idea what it is?
Have you any idea what will happen when Starfleet learns about this?
Have you any objection?
Have you ask my mother about this?
Have you attempted an audio analysis?
Have you been able to ascertain what happened?
Have you been able to contact Deep Space Nine?
Have you been able to determine the cause of our transformation?
Have you been able to determine why he's still unconscious?
Have you been able to explain it?
Have you been able to find any explanation for this?
Have you been able to learn more specifics about the Manheim project?
Have you been able to locate Bok's ship?
Have you been able to make any assessments?
Have you been able to remember anything that happened after he attacked you?
Have you been able to sort any of it out?
Have you been anywhere yet?
Have you been banished by the Continuum once again?
Have you been briefed on what's happened?
Have you been drinking all the water I asked you to?
Have you been eating?
Have you been experiencing something up here?
Have you been having bad dreams?
Have you been improvising again, Ensign?
Have you been playing long?
Have you been practicing your teleportation?
Have you been treated well, Lieutenant?
Have you briefed Admiral Kennelly since we returned from the surface?
Have you calculated how much further we have to go?
Have you cancelled your leave?
Have you changed the colour of your eyes?
Have you checked the frequency resonance of the subspace
Have you come for Salia of Daled Four?
Have you completed it?
Have you considered a high level charge?
Have you considered sending her to school?
Have you considered the possibility that this was just a dream?
Have you considered what this evacuation means?
Have you continued to work on it?
Have you decided what you're going to say about Ensign Ro?
Have you definitely established that there's someone's inside it?
Have you discussed this with Alexander?
Have you discussed this with Wyatt?
Have you discussed this with him?
Have you discussed this with your mother?
Have you dreamt about scissors recently?
Have you even had a dream in the last ten days?
Have you ever been a father, Picard?
Have you ever been an actual participant in a human wedding?
Have you ever been cold?
Have you ever been for a real moonlight swim?
Have you ever been to Africa, Mister?
Have you ever been to the Homeworld?
Have you ever been with a counsellor before?
Have you ever considered learning to lip read?
Have you ever felt a real emotion, Data?
Have you ever fought an idea, Picard?
Have you ever had a son desperately try to win your approval, your respect?
Have you ever heard Data define friendship?
Have you ever heard anything like this, Data?
Have you ever played with puppies?
Have you ever seen one of these, Data?
Have you ever seen these?
Have you ever thought about how you've affected the people around you?
Have you ever thought of a leave of absence?
Have you ever tried Muskan seed punch?
Have you ever wondered how Alexander felt about being sent away?
Have you felt any other emotions?
Have you figured out how to get to the Bridge?
Have you finished already?
Have you finished examining the contract?
Have you finished the puzzle yet?
Have you found anything in Lieutenant Kwan's logs?
Have you found anything that might give us some insight into what happened?
Have you found anything yet?
Have you found the Academy challenging, Wesley?
Have you fully recovered?
Have you got a cold?
Have you got a lock on that other ship?
Have you got a minute?
Have you got it?
Have you got them, O'Brien?
Have you had a chance to read our request?
Have you had a chance to review Worf's case history yet?
Have you had any luck here?
Have you had any other seizures like this before?
Have you had any success, Mister Data?
Have you had any unusual symptoms since the probe?
Have you heard from our friends?
Have you heard of a woman named Kahlest?
Have you heard of the Tox Uthat?
Have you heard what happened at the Academy?
Have you identified the source of her power?
Have you injured her?
Have you located the escape pod's landing point, Chief?
Have you located the science team, Number One?
Have you lost your faith in Sto-Vo-Kor?
Have you lost your mind?
Have you made a decision?
Have you made a test injection yet?
Have you made any changes to your visor lately?
Have you made any progress with La Forge?
Have you made any progress, Doctor?
Have you made preparations to separate the Saucer section?
Have you made this offer to Orta?
Have you made your decision regarding Toral's challenge?
Have you mated with him yet?
Have you met our Commander Data?
Have you nailed down our little hiccup yet?
Have you never seen a woman before?
Have you never wondered about serving the Klingon Empire?
Have you no identity of your own?
Have you no respect for the dead?
Have you noticed another discontinuity?
Have you noticed anything about Starfleet Command lately?
Have you noticed anything unusual?
Have you noticed how dry the air is on the ship?
Have you ordered yet, Tasha?
Have you picked it up on the sensors?
Have you played it?
Have you reached a decision regarding the succession of power?
Have you read it?
Have you reconsidered your decision to stay with us?
Have you rerun the phase reversal figures, Data?
Have you run a diagnostic on the sensors, Data?
Have you seen any good looking computers lately?
Have you seen anything like that before?
Have you seen it work?
Have you seen many?
Have you seen the Ventanan woven art recovered from the fourth colony dig?
Have you spoken with Chief Engineer Argyle about this problem?
Have you stopped thinking about us?
Have you taken leave of your senses?
Have you tried reconfiguring the plasma conduits?
Have you tried synaptic induction?
Have you tried the intercom?
Have you tried this?
Have you tried to take her off the holodeck yet?
Have you tried tracing back navigation inputs?
Have you tried, sir?
Have you two been fighting?
Have you understood any part of what he's tried to tell you?
Have you understood one word that we've said?
Have your Security men stand back.
Have your Transporter room stand by.
Have your favourite wish, my young friend.
Have your feelings for Chief O'Brien changed?
Have your parents taught you nothing?
Have your people begun to suffer from radiation sickness?
Haven't been heard from since.
Haven't changed a bit.
Haven't had it for quite a while.
Haven't seen real ones in years.
Haven't they invented the electric light by now?
Haven't we gotten you a replicator yet?
Haven't we?
Haven't you been paying attention, Ramsey?
Haven't you ever thought about us getting together?
Haven't you noticed how easily I handle human speech?
Haven't you seen how much I regretted not saving that child?
Having Worf on board certainly has been.
Having a little trouble with your systems, Commander?
Having bonded with you, I've learned the meaning of duty.
Having coffee?
Having experienced that, Number One, it's not something I would care to repeat.
Having fun, Data?
Having my mother's sense of humour is bad enough.
Having them on board is like a visit from the past.
Having to bathe.
He accepted me for what I am.
He acts like a bully and then says someone else started the fight.
He actually meant it.
He actually thinks you're Dixon Hill.
He admits responsibility for dozens of attacks on Cardassian targets.
He admits stealing the files but not sabotaging the dilithium chamber.
He admitted that he was responsible for my shifting through time.
He agrees with you.
He allowed himself to be burned.
He almost convinced me.
He already is.
He also believes that you're a less than perfect Starfleet officer.
He also implied I'd end up like K'mpec if I didn't cooperate.
He also mentioned that you said you saw something in the transporter beam.
He also said the exocomp failed the test.
He always did.
He always does.
He and Ariana had given up.
He and I went through the Academy together.
He and a few like him are why I travel.
He and his mother left Earth twelve years ago.
He apparently has the power to heal injuries with a simple touch.
He appeared to be partially transformed into an arachnid.
He appears to be in some kind of stasis.
He asked me to dinner in his cabin, and it was a very unusual evening.
He asked me to dinner.
He asked me to go to Risa with him.
He asked me to marry him.
He asked me to say goodbye for him.
He asked to take full responsibility.
He asks your forgiveness.
He attended Starfleet Academy, but he was unable to follow the rules.
He beamed down next to the Aries shuttle.
He became a person.
He believes the Daystrom annex on Galor Four would be more suitable.
He believes what he says.
He believes what he's saying.
He belongs with me.
He bewitched me.
He blames us for letting Palmer escape.
He bluffed you, Data.
He bounced off the shields.
He broke out of his cell last night.
He brought this retribution on himself.
He built up enough speed and then bounced her off the atmosphere!
He called himself a Traveller.
He called it a pattern replication.
He calls that a little adventure?
He came in complaining of a servo malfunction but my scans came out negative.
He came in for a physical with no word from me.
He came in here with all sorts of new ideas about how to do things.
He came on board about six months ago.
He came on board the Enterprise to brief me when I was offered the Aries.
He came out of nowhere.
He came to adore me as much as I worshipped him.
He can be reached at 221B Baker Street.
He can bring back the dead.
He can hear you.
He can help us get away from here.
He can help you, Finn.
He can make it go.
He can never come back, Mrs.
He can not, dare not refuse us.
He can pose as a relative.
He can provide gentle winters, plentiful hunting, fertile crops, anything.
He can pull us out if necessary.
He can refuse to undergo the procedure, but we can't stop the transfer.
He can resign.
He can shuffle them like cards.
He can survive another hour, maybe two, but not beyond that.
He can take all the credit he wants, I don't caret.
He can't answer that.
He can't answer you, Captain.
He can't answer you.
He can't be trusted.
He can't do it, Beverly.
He can't hear you, Captain.
He can't survive this.
He can't, Mother.
He cannot resign and he cannot refuse to cooperate with Commander Maddox.
He cared too much for his fellow man, with nary a thought for himself.
He carried me when the ground was muddy.
He caught me right in the side.
He certainly can't go back to negotiations for several days.
He certainly seems eager to please.
He chased away the monsters that hid under my bed at night.
He chose to make his career a priority.
He claimed that he's alive and is being held captive in a Romulan prison camp.
He claims he has orders from the Continuum.
He claims to be a twenty second century inventor, Captain.
He cleared the Iconian programme from his own system.
He commanded the squadron that tried to destroy us yesterday.
He commands the entire Defence Force.
He committed no crime.
He communicated so much to me that at first it was just a jumble of images.
He could be anywhere.
He could be better.
He could be hurt.
He could be several kilometres away by now.
He could be the real Kahless.
He could die, and with him any chance we have.
He could even bring back those who have died.
He could even end up outside of our space time continuum.
He could have been working there, restoring warp power.
He could have killed you.
He could have left Worf at any of them.
He could have made it to the Nel Bato system, or maybe even the Giles Belt.
He could need medical attention.
He could not believe what his brother had done.
He could not tell you, do you understand?
He could talk us past the outpost security without raising their suspicions.
He could've killed me.
He couldn't get anything from them.
He couldn't have repaired, sir.
He couldn't take leporazine, his blood pressure was too low.
He couldn't think about going on alone.
He couldn't understand why I did it.
He created huge, breathtaking, metal sculptures.
He cried.
He denies the logic of my arguments and speaks of structures they have built.
He deserved to die.
He deserves a rich, full life, and he's not going to get one.
He desperately wants to leave this ship.
He destroyed the biosphere of the planet after he had taken the sample.
He developed a neurological disorder.
He did a most interesting clay sculpture of my head.
He did exactly what he said he would.
He did know about the life form, but the idea of murder seemed to shock him.
He did not care that you showed him mercy.
He did not come to me.
He didn't agree.
He didn't almost kill himself.
He didn't arrive at the shipyard until six months after Finn's death.
He didn't even say goodbye to his father before he left.
He didn't have the courage to face us.
He didn't know his father was coming.
He didn't like the fact that you knew something he didn't.
He didn't mean to blow up like that.
He didn't remember you, sir.
He didn't report the shuttle clearing the cargo bay of the Jovis.
He didn't seem that clever.
He didn't show up for his appointment.
He didn't, not until last night.
He didn't.
He died at Setlick, didn't he?
He died five years ago from a Rushton infection.
He died in a rock slide surveying the route for this aqueduct.
He died long ago.
He died of a heart attack before his trial ended.
He disappeared just after I arrived.
He disappeared.
He discovered the site to site lockout.
He discovered we have been using sensors to follow what he does.
He dishonoured my daughter.
He disturbs the natural order of our society.
He does have a certain charm doesn't he?
He does know those systems better than any of us.
He does not exhibit any DNA structure.
He does not have Bendii Syndrome, and that shall be the end of it.
He does not have a straight.
He does not put in the time it takes to learn the skills.
He does not wish it.
He does not.
He does seem to have a very good grasp of starship operations.
He does this every day.
He does what he does by choice.
He does, when he thinks it's necessary.
He does?
He doesn't always tell the truth.
He doesn't attract customers by being hard to find.
He doesn't believe us.
He doesn't even know you.
He doesn't have anyone to lean on right now.
He doesn't have enough ships to maintain the network.
He doesn't have his communicator.
He doesn't just look like Data, he has Data's abilities.
He doesn't know.
He doesn't mean what he says.
He doesn't really have Xelo's imagination.
He doesn't talk much.
He doesn't understand that the signal has been cut off.
He doesn't understand.
He doesn't want to be disturbed.
He doesn't want to leave.
He ducks a lot.
He encourages dissent.
He endured it, silently.
He endured the pain and won the competition.
He enjoyed her kindness, her gentleness, her physical attributes.
He enjoys exotic food, and takes his vacations on a planet called Risa.
He erred in his assumption that I needed help!
He even called him by name.
He eventually escaped.
He explained it as jealousy from the colonists.
He expressed his pride in you.
He failed to enforce it with me.
He falls well.
He fears our reprisal.
He feels perfectly justified in using her until she dies.
He feels personally threatened by John.
He feels that whatever is wrong with her is centred there.
He feels very guilty about what happened.
He felt it was important to say certain things.
He fights Klag.
He finds it to be satisfactory.
He finds out he's human after all.
He fired on my ship.
He forgot his sweater so he borrowed one of mine.
He found it.
He found nothing wrong on the Enterprise.
He gathered us together and led us into caves.
He gave her a home, gave her a child, and how did she repay him?
He gave his word.
He gave it me just before he left to visit your parents.
He gave me a chance to change the past.
He gave you the chip.
He gets around.
He goes out of his way to criticise me.
He got hit by some sensor feedback, maybe.
He got to you, didn't he?
He grabbed me, threw me against a bulkhead.
He had a good student.
He had a kind face.
He had never heard of me, and they had no officer that fit my description.
He had other priorities.
He had supreme power, or so our ancestors believed.
He had the ability to send me here, to this time.
He had this natural gift.
He had to do a double shift.
He had to do the same thing for me.
He had to leave.
He hadn't yet unpacked.
He hardly ever talked.
He has a child's body, but we have found him to be much more.
He has a legal claim, Mister Worf.
He has a lot of anger.
He has a starship, he has technology.
He has a strength and serenity that I find very attractive.
He has a theory.
He has agreed to meet with us this afternoon to discuss the situation.
He has an abnormally high need for achievement.
He has an almost irresistible appeal.
He has an interesting proposal for you, but that can wait for a while.
He has been assigned to you.
He has been coached for some devious reason.
He has been dead for two hundred and eighty three years, sir.
He has been extraordinary, Beverly.
He has been identified as the commander at the massacre at the Norkan outposts.
He has been injured.
He has been missing for two days.
He has been receiving E-band signals through his visor.
He has been returned to us unharmed.
He has been stationed on the planet as a cultural observer.
He has been under a great deal of strain lately.
He has blocked every subspace channel, sir.
He has brilliant new theories on warp propulsion inter-relays.
He has brought a child onto my ship and on my Bridge.
He has cell damage to vital areas.
He has claimed the right of vengeance.
He has come specifically to meet with you, Captain.
He has crossed over to that which is beyond.
He has destroyed our warship.
He has different sensibilities.
He has digits on his terminus.
He has done enough.
He has done nothing to subject the Enterprise to danger.
He has earned my admiration and my respect.
He has even accepted me as Picard, Captain of this ship, and not as Locutus.
He has expressed a concern for her environment.
He has grown up happy in my keeping.
He has his orders.
He has indeed, Commander.
He has informed us we will be taking on passengers.
He has made the same commitment to Starfleet that we all have.
He has never encountered an insect, or been chased by a canine.
He has nice legs too, Little One.
He has no choice but to see what I wish him to see.
He has no diplomatic experience.
He has no feelings to get in the way of his judgment.
He has no intention of stopping.
He has no place here, Picard!
He has no place on a Klingon ship.
He has no reason to lie.
He has not regained consciousness.
He has not returned to our designated transport coordinates.
He has not said anything.
He has offered no explanation.
He has opposed me in the past.
He has other obligations, Mother.
He has our orders and new heading.
He has pain, shortness of breath, irritability.
He has promised many reforms.
He has provisions and will need help bringing them here.
He has refused.
He has rights.
He has shore leave next month.
He has sponsored many reforms.
He has sufficient reason to proceed carefully.
He has temporarily removed himself from bridge duty, sir.
He has that right.
He has the right to meet death awake.
He has the support of the people.
He has tried every technical means at our disposal to reach them.
He has you.
He hasn't been doing a very good job.
He hasn't found it yet.
He hasn't had a tragic accident.
He hated it and returned to Gault.
He hated me.
He hath not told his thought to the king?
He heard that.
He ignored me.
He immediately shifted into other realities.
He ingested a Felodesine chip.
He intrigues me, this Picard.
He is Kahless.
He is Klingon!
He is Reginod.
He is Will but, you know what I mean.
He is a Borg.
He is a Romulan Senator.
He is a boy, Worf, and boys sometimes take the wrong path.
He is a boy, not a sword.
He is a brave and compassionate man, and I love him.
He is a casualty of war.
He is a child and part human.
He is a criminal.
He is a disruptive influence.
He is a great man.
He is a life force entity.
He is a member of the Cardassian military, and a Federation operative.
He is a proud man.
He is a thief.
He is a trained Klingon warrior, Captain.
He is a traitor.
He is a very gentle man.
He is a warrior.
He is a wonderful boy.
He is aboard the cruiser.
He is alive?
He is all-powerful.
He is alone now in your world.
He is also my son and I am half-human.
He is an obstructionist.
He is an orphan.
He is an outstanding Bridge officer.
He is as much Jean-Luc Picard as the person I am standing next to.
He is asking if anyone else will have the courage to stand up to Molor.
He is attempting to shut down our shields.
He is becoming accustomed to the horrors he is witnessing.
He is being treated for severe injuries.
He is brilliant, persuasive.
He is busy elsewhere, ma'am.
He is called the Picard.
He is calmer.
He is coming about, sir.
He is concealing something.
He is considered a man of the people.
He is dead.
He is different, yes.
He is eighty five years old, Doctor.
He is engaged in other duties, sir.
He is extremely violent and very cunning, as you already know.
He is free to move around inside the compound.
He is gin'tak to the house of Mogh.
He is guilty of crimes committed on the planet Atlec.
He is having difficulty adjusting to life on Earth.
He is here, daughter.
He is here.
He is human.
He is immune to our influence.
He is in danger.
He is in his quarters, deck seven, section nineteen.
He is in the Guards?
He is incapable of deceit or bias.
He is incapable of maintaining control of his own responses.
He is just a boy for now.
He is kind, and generous.
He is learning.
He is like this most of the time.
He is manipulating you.
He is mine.
He is more.
He is my brother.
He is no longer in the drive section.
He is not a prisoner.
He is not accustomed to dealing with Betazoid females.
He is not for sale.
He is not very attractive, but I will have him.
He is now my cha'DIch.
He is now recovering.
He is on board your ship?
He is on our planet.
He is on our side now.
He is on the Bridge, sir.
He is on the surface monitoring the plasma infusion.
He is one of four escaped prisoners.
He is one of yours.
He is open to some astute observations, isn't he?
He is our friend.
He is our leader.
He is out cold and his Visor has come off.
He is protected by a force field.
He is safe and unharmed.
He is simply the finest officer with whom I have ever served.
He is standing before me with a sword.
He is still at large.
He is still unconscious.
He is still your first choice?
He is surrounded by Mintakans.
He is telling the truth when he says he'd rather die than leave.
He is the Admiral, Karnas.
He is the commanding officer of the Cairo.
He is the interpreter of our founders' intentions for this society.
He is the one worthy opponent created by the author, Conan Doyle.
He is the only one who can help you to understand who you are.
He is to be confined there until further notice.
He is trying to divide us.
He is trying to take your money.
He is trying to trick you.
He is unaffected.
He is very closed, but he is hiding something.
He is very ill, Perrin.
He is very influential.
He is with Lwaxana Troi.
He is working in our ship's laboratory.
He is young and idealistic.
He isn't chasing her anymore.
He isn't here.
He isn't, Captain.
He joined the military to fight for the Angosian way of life.
He just barged right in.
He just broke a wrist, just like a lot of other boys his age when they fall.
He just came in for his injections.
He just came in.
He just can't wait to strip off his clothes for that barbaric ceremony.
He just collapsed, sir.
He just didn't like to.
He just didn't like what I had to say.
He just doesn't fit in here.
He just doesn't like me.
He just doesn't seem to like me.
He just left Sickbay moments ago.
He just needs a little arm twisting, dear, coaxing.
He just passed a routine physical on Alia Four with flying colours.
He just wasn't going to accept defeat.
He just won't sit down.
He keeps them together.
He kept talking about wanting normal vision.
He kept the lab locked every minute.
He kept tinkering, trying to make you as human as possible.
He killed my husband.
He knew I understood what he was going through.
He knew everything about them.
He knew exactly how I liked to be touched.
He knew he was going.
He knew perfectly well what he was doing.
He knew we were looking for a diagnostic engineer.
He knew we'd be monitoring his position.
He knew who I was and tried to sell me information about Mogh.
He knows I'm here.
He knows about weapons.
He knows me.
He knows my tastes.
He knows nothing of our ways!
He knows that I don't think much of him as a leader.
He knows that Keiko probably doesn't want to call off the marriage.
He knows that it's time to stop.
He knows that we'll support him.
He knows those codes would have been changed as soon as he was captured.
He knows what it's like to trust somebody with his life.
He last saw them as he was leaving this clearing.
He laughed.
He learned the lessons of humanity well.
He learned to play it safe.
He learns very quickly.
He lectured at my medical school.
He left after one year.
He left no word of his destination.
He left us few options.
He left your quarters some time ago.
He lied to me, sir, and I don't know why.
He lied to you so that you would help him in his plan.
He lies, Captain.
He lifts it to see an open panel, then the sweep comes through the bulkhead.
He likes Jazz, poker.
He lives for challenge.
He locked out the controls.
He looks almost proto-human.
He looks perfectly normal to me.
He lost control and he killed them both.
He lost time, but it wasn't only that.
He loved the Federation, but you, Captain, corrupt it.
He loved you very much.
He loves doing a lot of things too many.
He loves playing.
He loves you very much.
He made a mistake.
He made it back to the ship just fine.
He made it before going on duty this morning.
He made me leave.
He made them angry.
He maintains a dwelling there.
He makes everybody nervous.
He managed to escape radiation trauma but the scan shows something else.
He managed to get me a posting on the Gandhi.
He managed to incapacitate three of them before he was knocked down.
He may attempt to gain control of the ship.
He may be a spy, but he's no coward.
He may be able to slightly misalign one of the nullifier cores.
He may be dead, sir.
He may be hurt.
He may be right.
He may be their only hope.
He may have actually returned as he promised.
He may have been curt, but he was also very worried and even a little scared.
He may have inherited some of his mother's abilities.
He may have reacted by gripping tighter.
He may not have that life to live over.
He may run into them in eighty years or so.
He may still be on board, but undetectable to our sensors.
He may want to live in the Empire someday.
He may wish to return to the Homeworld as well.
He merely accompanied me on the turbolift.
He might die.
He might have killed all of us.
He might have wandered into your village a few days ago.
He might listen.
He mostly kept to himself.
He must be disassembled so that he is no longer a threat.
He must be hiding something.
He must be hungry.
He must be quite a man.
He must be the worst poker player I've ever met.
He must be torn.
He must defend the Enterprise.
He must have brought it with him.
He must have had provocation.
He must have known his condition was terminal for quite some time.
He must have left in the pod before the ship was destroyed.
He must have pulled away too soon.
He must have seen me use the comm.
He must have thought you would have wanted it.
He must learn to live with that.
He must make his own decisions.
He must not be lost.
He must not cover it or hide away from it.
He must not lead the Empire.
He must still be on the planet.
He must, otherwise he would not be considering you for the Ops position.
He must.
He mustn't.
He needed more time to finish his work.
He needs a father, his father, to give him that guidance.
He needs another fifty seconds for the core to cool down before it can restart.
He needs assembling.
He needs his father, Worf.
He needs me.
He needs rest.
He needs some water.
He needs someone who is trained in these things.
He needs to re-discover his identity, make some connection with his roots.
He needs you alive with your honour intact.
He needs your help.
He needs your strength right now.
He never did before.
He never did.
He never even knew I existed.
He never felt it was quite finished.
He never had the chance.
He never heard of you.
He never killed anyone.
He never meant any harm.
He never missed a minute's duty, always had a smile, a joke.
He never said goodbye.
He never told you that, did he?
He never wanted any human food while he was growing up.
He never would have.
He offered to show us for fifty darseks.
He often reminds me of things his mother said to him.
He only needed help in statistical mechanics.
He orders a warm milk.
He originated on Omicron Theta.
He owes me money.
He phased, sir.
He played parrises squares with a group of his schoolmates.
He prefers feline supplement number twenty five.
He promised me something would be done.
He promised so much.
He promises the method of execution will be most painful.
He protected the team.
He pulled a surprise inspection in the middle of a maintenance cycle!
He put me under some evil spell.
He puts up so many barriers I have no idea what's underneath.
He ran because he was a coward.
He ran into the baryon sweep.
He reaches towards it and shouts in pain.
He reads love poetry.
He really could die.
He really worked hard.
He received the top grade and now that same test has four options.
He recognises your interest in profit.
He recreated you, just as he recreated the house.
He refused to answer the question about his Romulan grandfather.
He refused to give up.
He refused to let Captain DeSoto beam down during a crisis.
He relies on you for his knowledge of Klingon law.
He remained conscious while we tried to take over the ship.
He resigned and left to join them.
He resists.
He risked his life to get here.
He risks his life to work with those who want a different future for Romulus.
He robs from the rich and gives to the poor.
He sacrificed himself to save them, and me.
He said I had to find my own path.
He said Wesley.
He said all the people he'd known were gone.
He said he had fallen down.
He said he had to go somewhere.
He said he needed more time.
He said he wanted to be alone.
He said he wanted to see if we had a grasp of the fundamentals.
He said he was some kind of Traveller.
He said he'd be in Shuttlebay Two.
He said he'd never had it till he came here.
He said he's very proud of you that you're Captain of the Enterprise.
He said it had worked for him in the past.
He said it involves further cowboy diplomacy.
He said it shows I don't have character.
He said it was important to the future of the Romulans and the Federation.
He said she was argumentative, quick to take offence.
He said so.
He said something about his new image.
He said that he had nowhere to go.
He said that he was down there recently.
He said that if I didn't come forward and tell the truth now, he would.
He said that the klavion had special powers.
He said that they're aware of many things.
He said that was for off-worlders and people who didn't know any better.
He said you would understand.
He said, thank you.
He saved us.
He saw I couldn't tell you apart.
He saw faces he didn't recognize, events he couldn't interpret.
He says he was ordered there with others like him.
He says he's not taking any more damn tests.
He says it flatters my beauty.
He says that.
He says the other children are too.
He says to say hello and wonders when you're coming back.
He says to the shopkeeper, I'd like a pound of kiddillies, please.
He says we're going to lose, but I think that's just his cowardice talking!
He says, Doctor, it hurts when I raise my arm like this.
He seemed brilliant, egocentric, arrogant, chauvinistic.
He seemed confident that it could be done safely.
He seemed eager for his fate.
He seemed to be concerned about the phase differential of our photon torpedoes.
He seemed to enjoy it.
He seems almost human, doesn't he.
He seems fine about it.
He seems fine.
He seems most uncooperative.
He seems preoccupied with recreation.
He seems quite interested in starship operations.
He seems quite sincere in his desire for solitude.
He seems somewhat isolated.
He seems to be handling this quite well, sir.
He seems to feel that I can handle the situation again.
He seems to have developed some sort of special attachment to the boy.
He sees a Klingon.
He selected a signal we'd recognise but one the Ferengi would dismiss as static.
He senses you.
He sent for you too?
He shared them with me.
He shot him with some kind of an arrow.
He should be back to normal in a couple of hours.
He should be encouraged, but told none of this.
He should be escorted, and have no contact with anything save his research.
He should be held and interrogated.
He should be here now.
He should be in his quarters.
He should be perceiving us as just another part of his dream.
He should not be punished for his generosity.
He shouldn't be here.
He showed me every single blade of grass, practically.
He showed no loyalty to his father.
He slipped and hit his head.
He sounds very angry, really, really aggressive.
He speaks forty languages?
He speaks of nothing else.
He speaks the truth, sir.
He spent days putting together the perfect programme.
He spent half his life searching for the Tox Uthat.
He spent two weeks alone in a scout ship.
He spoke of a plan to return to normal.
He spoke to me as though I were human.
He spreads lies.
He stands alone, surrounded by his enemies.
He stands at the bar.
He stands guard.
He stayed after class, got a tutor.
He stayed up all night talking about how proud he was of his father.
He sticks to what works.
He still cares for you, despite the physical changes he's undergoing.
He still could be malfunctioning beyond my ability to detect it.
He still has certain rights.
He still hesitated.
He stole my goods!
He stole the Jewel of Thesia.
He struggles.
He suddenly reboots and sits up.
He suffered head injuries in an escape attempt.
He suffered massive internal injuries.
He suffers from Iverson's Disease, sir.
He suggested that I take you with me on the away team I'll be leading.
He suggested that we surprise you.
He suggests that I take you with me on the away team that I'll be leading.
He sure held that bluff till the last second, didn't he, sir?
He surprised me.
He takes toys from other the other students and then denies taking them.
He taught violin technique at the music school last night.
He tells a hell of a story.
He then escaped through the ruptured centre of the rift.
He thinks the rate of energy absorption is linked to its size.
He thinks we're crazy.
He thinks you're moving a little slowly.
He thinks you're talking about old superstition and nonsense.
He thought I was asking for special treatment.
He threw a flower on Nana's grave.
He tires easily.
He told me he just turned him off, Mom, er, Doctor.
He told me not to follow him.
He told me so.
He told me that the terrorists are desperate enough to kill if they're crossed.
He told me you helped him with his classes.
He too refused to listen.
He took a disruptor hit point blank.
He took a severe blow.
He took cover.
He took her death pretty hard.
He took me by the throat.
He took me into his family.
He took me on a grand tour of the place.
He took me to his home on Gault and told his wife to raise me as his son.
He took part in a cowardly attack at Khitomer.
He took the bait.
He took the evidence with him.
He took us by surprise.
He tormented his subjects.
He transferred over a year ago.
He transformed into a spider and now he has a disease named after him.
He treated me as though I was beneath contempt.
He treated me no differently from anyone else.
He tricked me!
He tried to escape.
He tried to kill Galen before we beamed back.
He tried to tell me about it before, in my office, and I misunderstood.
He tried, twice.
He tries to be, but he's still unsure of himself.
He tries, though.
He understands the nature of the storms.
He understood.
He used a phaser to power the cargo transporter.
He used my daughter.
He used my son to plunder a national treasure.
He used to look at me and know exactly what I was feeling.
He used you to become my friend.
He usually is.
He views history through the eyes of a hunter, a warrior.
He waits for his death.
He waits.
He walked me to my quarters.
He wanted me to speed up the ja'chuq.
He wanted me to stay home and tend the vineyards and I wanted to join Starfleet.
He wanted me to warn him if the crew started to lose confidence in him.
He wanted to come here to somehow right it, to atone for what he did.
He wanted to discuss this.
He wanted to face you with strength again, on even terms.
He wanted to.
He wanted you to find his girlfriend.
He wants a meeting with you.
He wants me to go with him!
He wants me!
He wants something.
He wants the geetas or he wants you out.
He wants the impossible.
He wants this alliance.
He wants to do something nice for me.
He wants to heal any rift that may still remain.
He wants to make sure that Alexander is preparing himself.
He wants to run a genetic analysis on a sample of the blood and on you.
He wants to see his son.
He wants to touch and feel everything.
He wants us to find him.
He wants us to reveal our tactics on his terms.
He wants you to cut the cards.
He was Kosinski's assistant.
He was a colleague of yours.
He was a fine man.
He was a giant.
He was a good lad.
He was a good man.
He was a good officer with a fine career ahead of him.
He was a great representative of the Vulcan people and of the Federation.
He was a great warrior.
He was a little shocked, but he's getting over it.
He was a man could bewitch any woman who breathed.
He was a man, taken for all in all.
He was a member of the Lornak clan.
He was a scientist.
He was a starving student with this threadbare suit and mismatched shoes.
He was a thief.
He was able to buy himself out about two years ago.
He was acting in an irrational manner.
He was afraid that I might lose it.
He was alone down there for a long time.
He was ambitious.
He was an alien from Tau Alpha C.
He was an expert in cybernetics?
He was an extraordinary man.
He was an honest man.
He was assigned here.
He was at the university on Betazed when I studied psychology there.
He was attacked by Quinn, or what we thought was Quinn.
He was being controlled by a mind altering machine, Commander.
He was born fourteen years ago on the Federation colony, Galen Four.
He was called away.
He was captured while leading a Gatherer raid on an Acamarian outpost.
He was completely surprised.
He was cyanotic, pulse unobservable.
He was doing his job.
He was fortunate.
He was going to ask for a formal hearing.
He was going to kill me?
He was going to kill you.
He was here in this room.
He was hiding something.
He was in his lab, so I can't be sure.
He was in his mid-thirties with longish hair?
He was in need of emergency repair.
He was in the escape pod that we retrieved.
He was in this room, Will.
He was injured, Doctor Crusher decided for humanitarian reasons to care for him.
He was intelligent, actually.
He was into some bad business.
He was just a twentieth-century Sherlock Holmes.
He was just an idealistic old man.
He was just never encouraged properly.
He was just surprised, Data.
He was just trying to communicate with me telepathically.
He was killed many years ago fighting the Cardassian occupation of Bajor.
He was left here.
He was looking forward to being posted to the nacelle tube.
He was looking right at me.
He was most likely on the bridge when it was exposed to space.
He was murdered.
He was my friend, too.
He was my son in another reality.
He was needed on the Bridge.
He was never in any real danger.
He was no burden.
He was not suicidal.
He was on board.
He was on my port quarter, approximately fifty metres away.
He was on the Enterprise.
He was over there, near the impeller control.
He was pleased that I'd noticed.
He was proud of your career as a scientist, and now you have destroyed that.
He was pulling out the primary plasma conduit.
He was reaching for a weapon.
He was really upset.
He was recommended.
He was relieved of command six years ago.
He was remarkable.
He was right about one thing, you know.
He was right over here.
He was shuffling the way Data does when he plays poker.
He was siphoning that off.
He was sixteen when the colony was attacked.
He was so proud.
He was so strong no one could stand against him.
He was staring at me in the most peculiar way.
He was stripped of command.
He was strong and tall.
He was the cause.
He was the commander of the ship you destroyed!
He was the last one to beam out.
He was the most one in the group.
He was the only member of the family who had a sense of humour.
He was the ship's engineer.
He was there, too?
He was thinking about it all through dinner.
He was thirteen when he died in detention.
He was thrown against that wall and fell there.
He was thrown out of time, which caused his body systems to change their rhythm.
He was trying to destroy me.
He was trying to make off with my brick.
He was under the name of Rivas Jakara, a tourist from the Marta community.
He was unstable, dangerous.
He was upset by our early arrival.
He was vaporised.
He was vapourised.
He was very mysterious.
He was very positive.
He was very sick.
He was very upset.
He was very young.
He was vulnerable.
He was wearing a DaiMon's uniform.
He was with us.
He was working on a conduit on deck thirty nine.
He was working on bridging the gap between man and machine.
He was working on new detectors at the time of the attack on Omicron Theta.
He was worried that the sexuality programme he designed for you wouldn't work.
He was your first officer for five years.
He was your friend?
He was?
He wasn't able to establish a link on her.
He wasn't anywhere near the Nel system.
He wasn't firing at me.
He wasn't given the chance that you and I were given, to live.
He wasn't there.
He wasn't truthful.
He wasn't violent?
He wasn't.
He watches the house, he follows me down the street asking me questions.
He went into neural metaphasic shock.
He went to the same island as Darmok.
He whispered my name.
He will assign you to your crew quarters.
He will avoid corridors and public areas.
He will be able to communicate with you before any on else.
He will be better off at a Klingon school.
He will be in charge of your safety while you're on board.
He will be joining us momentarily.
He will be open-minded, but cautious.
He will be sanctioned, yes.
He will be sorely missed.
He will be taking you back to our homeworld.
He will be unable to ignore it.
He will be unsuccessful, and will store the shape in his memory banks.
He will be victorious.
He will be yielding the first officer's position to you during your tour.
He will come.
He will do as I say.
He will either acknowledge you or he won't.
He will eventually fade of a natural illness and die, weakened and useless.
He will fight, risking himself, his crew, his daughter and her unborn child.
He will fight.
He will find his own ways.
He will forget me in time, which is as it should be.
He will give you reasons if you force him to.
He will have any friends he needs.
He will have the protection of the Seldonis Convention.
He will have to come with us now, Endar.
He will kill the hostages if we do not get them out of there.
He will need to be fed once a day.
He will never be able to defend our family against its enemies.
He will not disappoint you.
He will not help us.
He will perceive you as the greatest threat that our people have ever known.
He will recover consciousness in a few hours.
He will restore your faith as he has restored mine.
He will return home.
He will try to delay until a rescue attempt is possible.
He will understand.
He will wait only as long as he believes it is to his advantage.
He will.
He wished he could have been here when you got back from shore leave.
He wishes to speak with you.
He won't be waking up for a long time.
He won't do that, sir.
He won't even be able to talk to them.
He won't even let you talk.
He won't listen.
He won't survive another session.
He won't survive.
He won't talk, Captain.
He won't want to take innocent lives if he can possibly prevent it.
He works as hard as any member of the crew.
He works at the County Assayer's office.
He worshipped you.
He would be an outcast.
He would have appeared very strange.
He would have died even if we hadn't interfered.
He would have forgotten about you and his complaint to Starfleet.
He would live like a Klingon.
He would never come and take a mud bath, would he.
He would never forcibly abduct you or play games with your life.
He would never kill anybody.
He would never retaliate out of vengeance, no matter what that Cardassian says.
He would never survive the radiation.
He would not have forgotten his promise.
He would not have injured you.
He would not have lied.
He would not let me hear his thoughts.
He would not move to a polar orbit.
He would not.
He would rather die than be assimilated.
He would tell you these stories telepathically?
He would treat you with respect.
He wouldn't even talk to me.
He wouldn't let me reel it in.
He wouldn't make a profit on it.
He wouldn't steal a shuttle and desert.
He wouldn't try to hurt us.
He wrapped up all of his affairs carefully.
He wrote the book on this ship.
He'd be lucky to have the career I've had.
He'd be reassimilated into the hive without any questions.
He'd been working on this for months.
He'd better.
He'd get nervous during close fly-bys and pull away in the final seconds.
He'd killed Doctor Apgar.
He'd listen to everyone's opinion, then make his own decision.
He'd never drop his shields and allow you to transport on board.
He'd probably send us both to bed without our supper.
He'd rather die than live with the implants.
He'll accept it just because it is dangerous.
He'll attack that ship just as he did the others.
He'll be conducting a full investigation of the Enterprise.
He'll be conscious for a minute or two.
He'll be delighted to hear that.
He'll be here.
He'll be relieving me.
He'll brief you when he arrives.
He'll bring your orders aboard with him.
He'll defeat you just as I did.
He'll do it again.
He'll find some way to send us a message.
He'll forget all about it by tomorrow.
He'll get over it.
He'll handle them.
He'll instruct you how to purge your system.
He'll know when it's safe to travel.
He'll make a fine captain, JP.
He'll make the official recommendation to Starfleet.
He'll meet you at the cave.
He'll need another thirty seconds before he can restart.
He'll never know.
He'll never lose that respect.
He'll probably be just as relieved as I am.
He'll probably have the same questions that I do.
He'll remain in quarantine for another week or two, but he's out of the woods.
He'll sleep for a few hours at least.
He'll stop at nothing to complete his mission.
He'll take Bre'el Four to the edge of disaster, and then pull the moon back.
He'll think I'm dead.
He'll try to stop you.
He'll wait until I'm finished.
He'll want revenge for that insult.
He's Campio, Third Minister to the Conference Of Judges on the planet Kostolain.
He's Canadian.
He's a Klingon, Kareen.
He's a Nausicaan.
He's a Starfleet Commander.
He's a Starfleet officer.
He's a busy man.
He's a child.
He's a different person.
He's a family man, he's got two kids.
He's a fine man.
He's a friend of Doctor Crusher's.
He's a good officer.
He's a history of seclusive tendencies.
He's a human being who needs our help.
He's a life form, entirely unique.
He's a little on the stuffy side, but, all in all, he's not that bad.
He's a machine.
He's a man who lives his life by his own rules.
He's a master.
He's a member of the underground a dissident.
He's a member of your team.
He's a musician, for one thing.
He's a prisoner.
He's a rare one, all right.
He's a risk taker.
He's a senior Admiral.
He's a soldier ?
He's a specialist in first contact with new life forms.
He's a thoughtful man.
He's a trader.
He's a very tactile child.
He's a very unique person, but he's not what you might expect, Captain.
He's aboard the Enterprise, sir.
He's aboard.
He's acting on his internal feelings and then making up stories to explain them.
He's activated a force field, sir.
He's actually quite promising.
He's added another chair to the negotiating table.
He's adorable.
He's after more than a history lesson.
He's all right.
He's alone.
He's already been hit by multiple phaser stuns.
He's alright.
He's also an arch-criminal.
He's also deceased.
He's always been a difficult patient, but now.
He's always trying to ingratiate himself to me.
He's an admiral, I'm a captain.
He's an android, Chancellor.
He's an arms trader.
He's an exciting man, Captain.
He's an obstetrics specialist.
He's asking for your help because you're his friend.
He's at the rendezvous coordinates but he's been detained by the Enterprise.
He's at the third ridge.
He's athletically inclined, loves to climb mountain.
He's attracted to you in many ways.
He's aware of his crimes.
He's aware of me.
He's back!
He's badly hurt.
He's beautiful, Deanna.
He's been aboard all day, sir, checking over medical layout.
He's been deactivated so I can't tell how bad the damage is.
He's been dead too long.
He's been decorated by Starfleet Command five times.
He's been driving me crazy.
He's been hurt.
He's been in charge of this crew for a long time.
He's been in prison.
He's been injured, and he's embarrassed.
He's been offered his own ship more than once.
He's been programmed to be the perfect soldier.
He's been putting together a research proposal.
He's been really busy with it.
He's been reported in three different crew quarters.
He's been reported on Romulus.
He's been sitting behind that desk too long.
He's been taken to Sickbay.
He's been that ever since we first met him at Farpoint.
He's been there forever.
He's been to three different systems in this past week.
He's been with them a long time.
He's beginning to lose his mind, the old man.
He's being grilled.
He's being held safely until sundown.
He's being very brave.
He's biting that female.
He's bleeding inside.
He's bleeding internally.
He's brilliant, incisive, he's ruthless.
He's buried about two metres down.
He's calculated the safest location on the planet's surface.
He's capable of anything.
He's checking out fine, Doctor.
He's come to help us.
He's coming around.
He's coming back with us one way or another.
He's comparing the Enterprise to a cruise ship?
He's conditioned to survive at any cost.
He's conscious!
He's convinced Commander Riker doesn't like him.
He's convinced he's right.
He's convulsing.
He's covering a lie.
He's covering something.
He's dead!
He's dead?
He's deceiving us, and he's clearly hoping to manipulate us.
He's desperately frightened.
He's different.
He's disobedient.
He's doing an excellent job.
He's done something to the internal security sensors.
He's doubled back on us.
He's dreaming.
He's eager to make his appearance.
He's eight, and Eddie's five.
He's er, he's an acquaintance of ours.
He's er, he's from South America.
He's escaping!
He's evil.
He's exhausted.
He's extremely weak.
He's far too attached to the common man for most peoples' comfort.
He's fast.
He's fine for the moment.
He's fine.
He's from Atlec.
He's from another place.
He's from somewhere called Alaska.
He's frozen.
He's full of energy today.
He's getting more control of his environment.
He's getting weaker, isn't he?
He's given the Federation a lifetime of service.
He's giving us exactly what we need and he expects us to take it.
He's going down the road and his car breaks down, right?
He's going into cardiac arrest.
He's going to be a hell of a gymnast.
He's going to be all right.
He's going to be fine.
He's going to have a great time.
He's going to have to loosen up, Commander.
He's going to look into it.
He's going to lose.
He's going to love it here.
He's going to make a very fine officer.
He's going to make it.
He's going to need a sedative.
He's going to need a transfusion of compatible ribosomes in order to recover.
He's going to start fibrillating.
He's going to take this out, Captain.
He's gone back to the planet?
He's gone on silent running.
He's gone to see Pardek.
He's gone?
He's good.
He's got a future.
He's got a lot of folks excited about the notion.
He's got a nice tan.
He's got feelings.
He's got internal haemorrhaging.
He's got liver and spleen damage.
He's got the straight flush, folks.
He's got to work this out for himself.
He's got us there, Captain.
He's gotten every one.
He's grasping for straws and you're giving him one.
He's had good role models.
He's has been attending a seminar on artificial intelligence on Risa.
He's having convulsions.
He's having the time of his life in there.
He's headed for Engineering.
He's headed toward the caves.
He's here also?
He's here to analyse your technology.
He's here!
He's here, Karnas.
He's here, beside my First Officer.
He's here, isn't he?
He's his father's son.
He's holding all his feelings inside.
He's homesick.
He's human, all right.
He's hungry, all right.
He's hurting his career by staying put.
He's hurting me!
He's ignoring me.
He's in Ten Forward, waiting tables.
He's in a lot of pain, but I think he should be fine.
He's in a profound catatonic state.
He's in a severe state of neural shock.
He's in another dimension, looking at us across a great chasm.
He's in cardiac arrest.
He's in danger, great danger.
He's in full Klingon mode.
He's in here.
He's in holodeck four.
He's in neural shock.
He's in no danger.
He's in our quarters.
He's in perfect condition.
He's in the Holodeck.
He's in the Sikla Medical facility.
He's in the ship's circuitry.
He's in the turbolift.
He's in trouble!
He's in trouble, sir.
He's insisting on it, sir.
He's intelligent, thoughtful, typically Angosian.
He's joking.
He's just a scout, the first of many.
He's just being playful.
He's just doing somersaults.
He's just found a new way to suppress it.
He's just going to die, and for no good reason.
He's just the best.
He's just trying to get me angry.
He's killed Satler and he may have killed Devor.
He's killed twenty three men.
He's king of his particular hill, Commander.
He's launching.
He's like a man who's lost his faith.
He's looking at a beautiful meadow, green trees, birds, a blue sky.
He's looking forward to attending the final negotiations as planned.
He's looking toward you.
He's lying on the hospital bed sedated.
He's lying, Rishon.
He's lying.
He's made that abundantly clear.
He's making a suicide run.
He's missing three costal struts on one side and four on the other.
He's missing.
He's more a convict, released today from Dartmoor prison.
He's more valuable to us alive.
He's my friend.
He's my number one Dad.
He's my problem.
He's my weapons officer on the Stargazer.
He's nearing the age of ascension.
He's never been able to beat me.
He's never been happier.
He's never believed that it was immutable, any more than space is immutable.
He's never going to survive.
He's never heard of me?
He's never late.
He's never made it through the solo.
He's nice.
He's not Will.
He's not a DaiMon.
He's not a person.
He's not any good at math.
He's not chasing her anymore.
He's not coming, Gabrielle.
He's not coming.
He's not fair!
He's not from around here, is he.
He's not from this world.
He's not going anywhere, Lieutenant.
He's not himself, believe me.
He's not interested in your life form.
He's not looking toward the Klingon Empire.
He's not open for business yet.
He's not real.
He's not responding to the Reflection therapy.
He's not simply an android.
He's not stabilising.
He's not stable enough for transport.
He's not taking the exams.
He's not the only one who'd like to have a word with you.
He's not the same man who left home to go to war.
He's not what I expected, Captain.
He's not yet committed.
He's not your pawn anymore.
He's not.
He's nothing but a flim-flam man!
He's nothing but energy now.
He's nothing.
He's notorious, but he really is an expert on interspecies mating practices.
He's occupied at the present moment.
He's okay.
He's on foot, couldn't have gotten too far.
He's on his way now.
He's on his way, Doctor.
He's on ice.
He's on the Romulan ship.
He's on the second level armed with a phaser.
He's on the turbolift.
He's on vacation from the Academy.
He's one man.
He's one of the highest ranking members of the Romulan government.
He's one of the thousands of species that we've encountered.
He's only dazed, sir.
He's only stunned.
He's ordered us to withdraw?
He's out of his mind!
He's out there alone!
He's out!
He's outfitted one of our shuttles with his metaphasic shield.
He's outside.
He's over there, with the Victory.
He's panicking.
He's phased completely out of existence.
He's planning to beam himself and the entity into that cloud.
He's powering up engines, turning to starboard.
He's prepared to kill you.
He's probably right.
He's proved his value to you.
He's proved that he can get to us whenever he wants.
He's put his entire self-worth on the line with this experiment.
He's quite good at it, don't you think?
He's quite good.
He's quite impressed by your natural instincts.
He's quite sure.
He's reactivating the site to site transport interlocks.
He's reading normal now.
He's ready to see you and Doctor Crusher.
He's ready.
He's really beginning to irritate me.
He's really eccentric at times.
He's really quite good at it.
He's really very sweet.
He's recovering from surgery.
He's regaining consciousness.
He's relaxed.
He's reliving memories.
He's remarkable.
He's restful.
He's resting.
He's right here, but he's in bad shape.
He's right, Dix.
He's right, Will.
He's right, sir.
He's right.
He's say all this stuff is obsolete.
He's scared.
He's second in command of this ship, that's why not.
He's seen it with his own eyes.
He's seen us, Data.
He's sleeping, and there isn't much time.
He's smart and he's high-spirited.
He's so critical.
He's so horrible.
He's some kind of creature.
He's still a Starfleet officer.
He's still at Cambridge, isn't he?
He's still in shock.
He's still on the station, sir.
He's still our best hope for the release of the hostages.
He's still out there.
He's still pretty weak, but he should make a full recovery.
He's still too far away to get a positive lock with the tractor beam, Captain.
He's stopped transmitting.
He's strong, he'll survive.
He's strong.
He's such a dullard, isn't he?
He's sure of himself.
He's taking the position assigned to the Tripoli.
He's teasing.
He's telepathic.
He's the best barber in Starfleet.
He's the best there is.
He's the best.
He's the cause.
He's the groundskeeper.
He's the indispensable man.
He's the leading mind in cybernetics.
He's the meanest and the toughest gunslinger in the West.
He's the most dangerous man in the room to me.
He's the one advantage we have now.
He's the one who's going to keep us alive.
He's the only one who can get us back.
He's the only one who could explain it to us.
He's the only one who could have brought you the necklace.
He's the puzzle.
He's the spitting image.
He's the wrong species.
He's their coach, surrogate father and best friend all in one.
He's there.
He's therefore ill-equipped to defend himself against your accusations.
He's too eager to please.
He's too far away for a positive lock.
He's too tired.
He's transmitting a carrier wave which is affecting your positronic matrix.
He's trapped under some conduit from the bulkhead.
He's trying to find an access terminal so he can interface with the collective.
He's trying to kill us all.
He's unconscious again.
He's unlike anyone I've ever met before.
He's up there!
He's up to somethin'.
He's used to us, and we're used to him.
He's using our shuttlecraft to transfer an admiral over to the Hood.
He's usually so confident, so sure of himself.
He's very agitated and nervous, as if something's gone wrong.
He's very agitated.
He's very angry too, but his anger is deep inside him.
He's very curious about Vulcan.
He's very enthusiastic.
He's very frightened.
He's very weak.
He's waiting for you in the Observation Lounge.
He's waiting in the diagnostic centre.
He's waiting.
He's wandered off.
He's why I gave you the gun.
He's wilful and stubborn.
He's winning.
He's withdrawn.
He's working on a school project.
He's your brother.
He, or she, is born from inside.
Head for standard orbit of Data's planet.
Head high?
Head us out of the rift.
Headache back, sir?
Headaches, nausea, dizziness?
Headaches?
Heading confirmed.
Heading five seven mark three one nine.
Heading for Romulan territory.
Heading for home.
Heading one eight five mark three two.
Heading one four eight, mark two one five.
Heading seven, seven mark twenty.
Heading three five one mark eleven, sir.
Heading two hundred and ninety four mark thirty seven.
Heading two three three mark four five.
Heading zero five one mark one one four.
Heading zero seven three, mark two eight eight.
Heading, Mister Crusher?
Heading, Subspace.
Health and happiness.
Health and safety inspection?
Health and safety inspections?
Healthy sensuality, sir.
Hear his words.
Hear me out, Captain.
Hear me out.
Hear that popping noise?
Hear them!
Hear this, Picard, and reflect.
Hear what he has to say.
Heart rate is erratic.
Heart rate one hundred ten.
Heart, lungs, liver, everything.
Heartbeat sounds a little odd, but seems very regular.
Hearts of Oak are our ships, Jolly tars are our men.
Heaven.
Heaven?
Heavy casualties in the secondary hull.
Heavy casualties on decks thirty five through forty.
Heavy casualties.
Heavy concentrations of hyperonic radiation.
Heavy damage to section twenty three A has cut off access to Sickbay.
Heavy damage to warp field nacelles and hull bearing struts.
Heavy metals?
Hechu' ghoS.
Heck, I've even been an oyster pirate.
Heck, it's the same dance, it's just a different tune.
Hedrick to Commander Riker.
Hedril may depict some fragile part of my mother.
Hedril's picked up spoken language much faster than the others.
Hedril, be careful.
Hedril, darling.
Hedril.
Hekaras Two is inhabited, isn't it?
Hekaras Two is the only inhabited world in this region.
Helium fusion rate increasing.
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.
Hell, I forgot.
Hell, it ain't nothing but something to do.
Hell, my blind grandmother can make a six.
Hell, we've even thought about opening communications with the Romulans.
Hell, you're just throwing your money away.
Hello Counsellor Deanna Troi.
Hello Data.
Hello Mother.
Hello again, Commander.
Hello again, Worf.
Hello, Alexander.
Hello, Alexandra.
Hello, Amanda.
Hello, Captain or should I call you Ambassador?
Hello, Commander.
Hello, Custodian.
Hello, D'Tan.
Hello, Deanna.
Hello, Enterprise.
Hello, Gia.
Hello, Hugh.
Hello, Ian.
Hello, Jason.
Hello, Jeremy.
Hello, Jev.
Hello, Kareen.
Hello, Lal.
Hello, Marcus.
Hello, Robert.
Hello, Sarjenka.
Hello, Spot.
Hello, Wes.
Hello, Wyatt.
Hello, beautiful.
Hello, computer?
Hello, it's me, Guinan.
Hello, ladies.
Hello, my darling.
Hello, my dear.
Hello, my friends.
Hello, sir.
Hello, son.
Hello, stranger.
Hello, there.
Hello, what's this?
Hello, you two.
Hello.
Helm Officer, Ensign Ro Laren.
Helm and navigation controls are not functioning.
Helm control activated.
Helm control just went down.
Helm is down, sir.
Helm isn't working right.
Helm take us in to twenty million kilometres.
Helm won't lock to those coordinates, sir.
Helm's not responding.
Helm, break orbit.
Helm, bring her round one hundred and eighty degrees.
Helm, change course for the Argaya system, maximum warp.
Helm, full impulse.
Helm, get us out of here!
Helm, get us out of here.
Helm, hard about.
Helm, hard to starboard.
Helm, initiate pursuit.
Helm, lay in a course for the Fleming.
Helm, maintain relative position.
Helm, move us closer.
Helm, new course, heading zero five two mark seven.
Helm, one quarter impulse.
Helm, prepare for warp three.
Helm, put us in high equatorial orbit.
Helm, set a course for the center of the vortex.
Helm, set a course to return to the planet.
Helm, set a new course, heading three four four mark six.
Helm, set course for Bersallis Three.
Helm, set course for Vacca Six.
Helm, set course for the Devron system, warp five.
Helm, set course for the Topin system.
Helm, set course for the conduit, maximum warp.
Helm, set in warp one point five, retroactive course.
Helm, stay with them.
Helm, take us back to the planet.
Helm, take us in as close as possible to the freighter's orbit.
Helm, take us into transport range.
Helm, take us out of orbit.
Helm, take us through the debris field, ahead slow.
Helm, take us within tractor range.
Helm, take us within transporter range.
Helmsman, lay in a heading one four one by two zero eight.
Help him regain his pride, his honour.
Help him, Captain.
Help him.
Help him?
Help how?
Help me compile the forcefield overrides.
Help me end my life as I have lived it, with dignity and honour.
Help me locate Wes.
Help me out.
Help me see like you?
Help me to see.
Help me, papa.
Help me, please.
Help me.
Help me?
Help out a Forty Niner.
Help them, Will.
Help them.
Help us, please!
Help us, please.
Help us.
Help you remember.
Help you?
Help, T'Jon.
Helping to cure the Phyrox Plague.
Helping.
Helpless.
Helps them begin the healing process.
Helps to keep you warm on cold Alaskan nights.
Hence possession of the felicium remains ours.
Hence the deal was incomplete.
Hence we have no leaders no followers.
Hence, you accept my recommendations?
Her DNA is in a state of ribocyatic flux.
Her absence will create an additional imbalance.
Her beliefs should be reflected as well.
Her belly may be full, but her spirit will be empty.
Her bioelectrical processes were severely disrupted.
Her blood pressure's still falling.
Her body temperature is dropping.
Her contractions are now one minute apart.
Her crew was reassigned when she put in for repairs.
Her death could not have been more untimely.
Her death was senseless.
Her death?
Her dress, her hair, everything about her.
Her ears are pierced and she's tall.
Her environment, sir?
Her father was human.
Her genetic codes are being re-sequenced and her cells are mutating as a result.
Her husband, Doctor Christopher, came with her.
Her inertia should do the job now.
Her last name was O'Donnell.
Her last posting was on Deriben Five.
Her last ship was the Repulse.
Her left hand is fractured in two places.
Her loss will be deeply felt by all who knew her.
Her loyalties are clearly divided, Captain.
Her molecular structure dissipated instantly once the pattern was lost.
Her name is Clare Raymond, age thirty five, occupation homemaker.
Her name is Jonek.
Her name is Kahlest.
Her name was Corlina.
Her neural foundations are getting weaker.
Her neural nets are laid down identically to yours?
Her neurotransmitter levels are three hundred percent above normal.
Her only knowledge of unhuman races comes from me.
Her parents, her biological parents, were human.
Her phaser was lowered.
Her powers are, at the best, unclear.
Her records were shipped by way of Starfleet headquarters.
Her right shoulder.
Her safe return and that of Commander Data must take priority, please.
Her ship had responded to their distress call, as had mine.
Her ship is down on the surface.
Her ship's captain owed me a favour.
Her skills are empathic in nature.
Her skin is simulating light.
Her society is aware that there is interstellar life?
Her statement is admissible according Tanugan law and I insist you consider it.
Her story's true.
Her synaptic network is breaking down.
Her tissue is breaking down on a cellular level and it's spreading.
Her upper body.
Her wish is not my command, and neither is yours.
Her!
Her.
Here I am.
Here I come.
Here and here.
Here are the results from the exams you ordered, sir.
Here are the results of my scan on the third Selcundi system.
Here for a trim?
Here he comes.
Here he is now.
Here he is.
Here is an example of the first.
Here is the visor.
Here is where the connection is made.
Here it comes.
Here it is again.
Here it is quiet.
Here lies Hercule Savinien De Cyrano de Bergerac.
Here on Romulus?
Here they come, babe.
Here they come.
Here too.
Here was a life not two minutes old, and as far as she knew I was her husband.
Here we are again.
Here we are, eh, Jono?
Here we have something which may be of interest to you.
Here you are, Debin, trying to save this criminal.
Here you are, sir.
Here you are, your very own quarters.
Here you are.
Here you go, Vanessa.
Here's a C-note in advance.
Here's a question you shouldn't be able to answer.
Here's another.
Here's how you build it.
Here's my report.
Here's power.
Here's something odd.
Here's the biofilter's analysis of the microbes.
Here's the final schedule for the shore leave and for the personnel transfers.
Here's the situation on El-Adrel.
Here's to insubordination.
Here's to the finest crew in Starfleet.
Here's to you, lads.
Here's what I propose.
Here's what I've learned so far.
Here's what the computer recorded.
Here's your ale, Mister O'Brien.
Here's your fifty.
Here's your hundred and twenty more.
Here's your loose panel.
Here's your sample, Captain.
Here's your ten, and it will cost you another one hundred.
Here's your twenty.
Here's your visor, Geordi.
Here, Data.
Here, Romulans and Klingons live in peace.
Here, This is his crime.
Here, Will, Deanna.
Here, feel.
Here, here we meet the challenge.
Here, hold your arm like this.
Here, honey.
Here, let me help up.
Here, look inside the watch.
Here, look what I've brought you.
Here, no way.
Here, put the food over there.
Here, take this to Engineering.
Here, teeth.
Here, the female is the hunter, the soldier, larger and stronger than the male.
Here, toss the ball ahead of me.
Here, try some.
Here, use these.
Here, we live in peace.
Here, you can help me put this together if you want.
Here.
Here?
Hester Dealt has still not completed inspection of the containment unit.
Heterocyclics?
Hey Dix, what gives with this guy?
Hey Dix.
Hey, Barclay, I've spent a few hours on the holodeck too, you know.
Hey, Beverly?
Hey, Computer, freeze programme.
Hey, Dix, when are you coming over for supper?
Hey, Dix.
Hey, Doc!
Hey, I ran these diagnostics myself.
Hey, I think we've found something here.
Hey, I understand.
Hey, I'm claustrophobic, I don't like it in here.
Hey, I'm your cha'DIch.
Hey, I've known you a whole day now, Lieutenant.
Hey, Mom, look what I can do.
Hey, Wes!
Hey, Will.
Hey, and thank you for bringing me here.
Hey, don't you spit at me.
Hey, guys.
Hey, hey guys.
Hey, hey!
Hey, hey, slow down.
Hey, hey, your body temperature's gone up another full point.
Hey, if you'd done it right the first time I wouldn't be back here so soon.
Hey, if you're the Engineer, who's doing the drivin'?
Hey, it was a joke.
Hey, let me talk to him.
Hey, look at her.
Hey, man, the chick digs you.
Hey, no, you don't.
Hey, nobody is going to die, Willie.
Hey, pooch, come on out of there.
Hey, pooch, what are you doing in there?
Hey, pooch.
Hey, put it on Gentleman Jim.
Hey, take it easy!
Hey, that's Law Forty six.
Hey, that's my hobby.
Hey, that's what horse racing's about.
Hey, that's, that's great.
Hey, there you are.
Hey, this isn't about me.
Hey, wait a minute, don't stop now.
Hey, watch where you point that thing.
Hey, what's the weather like on Risa?
Hey, why don't you spend more time with that young fellow Dannick?
Hey, you can't go in there!
Hey, you never know.
Hey, you were right.
Hey, you're a damn fine officer and you deserve that post as much as anyone.
Hey, you're not one of them card counting fellas, are you?
Hey, you, where's the artefact?
Hey.
Hi Data.
Hi Mom.
Hi mom.
Hi'jak beh.
Hi, Bev.
Hi, Captain Picard.
Hi, Captain.
Hi, Dad.
Hi, Deanna.
Hi, Dix.
Hi, Doctor Pulaski.
Hi, Geordi.
Hi, Guinan.
Hi, Jim.
Hi, Mister Data.
Hi, Mom.
Hi, Will.
Hi.
Hiccup?
Hide?
Hideous monsters!
Hides in the wardroom.
Hiding place?
Hierarchical collective command structure.
High level gamma radiation would kill them, Doctor.
High levels of radiation are disrupting our sensors.
High praise from a Vulcan.
High-ranking officials backing irrational proposals.
Highest concentration eight kilometres west of the colony.
Highlight any tachyon signatures which show subspace inertial displacement.
Highly complex patterns.
Highly focused, very powerful but of unknown origin.
Highly, sir.
Hill?
Him Mom.
Him, perhaps.
Him.
Him?
Hippocampus is stable, and the thalamus?
Hired gun?
His DNA is being rewritten.
His DNA is skewed.
His DNA would seem to confirm that observation.
His First Officer has confined him for engaging in this unprofitable venture.
His Soh-chIm?
His accomplices.
His activating units won't initialise.
His anecdotes are the stuff of legends aboard this ship.
His anger is genuine.
His army with fist open.
His army, with fist closed.
His bioelectric patterns are in a state of temporal flux.
His blood is turning into a liquid polymer.
His body seems to have amazing recuperative powers.
His brain cannot receive auditory information.
His brain functions are normal.
His brain is much smaller, sir.
His brainwaves indicate early neural-pathway degeneration.
His cardiac muscle is strong and there's no sign of arterial occlusion.
His career.
His cell structure has been significantly altered.
His cellular structure does not conform to any known species.
His cerebral functions are stabilising.
His challenge was defeated before he ever made it.
His chest from the Stargazer, sir?
His child?
His claim to the leadership died with him.
His clothes fit quite well, don't you think?
His condition is hereditary.
His cranial plates have thickened by twenty percent.
His defection will be a profound blow to Romulus.
His delusions are growing more elaborate.
His dependence.
His desire for peace is sincere.
His disease threatens Salia.
His efforts helped keep our people at peace for several generations.
His emotions have taken over.
His emotions suggest that he's mischievous, irreverent and somewhat brazen.
His entire cell structure is transforming.
His evidence was overwhelming.
His experiences, his spirit.
His exposure to the star's radiation was minimal.
His eyes closed.
His eyes uncovered!
His eyes.
His eyes?
His face black, his eyes red.
His face looked like that.
His family is powerful.
His family was too powerful.
His father betrayed my people to the Romulans.
His father's sword he hath girded on and his wild harp slung behind him.
His father's sword he hath girded on.
His fear is escalating.
His feelings towards you are very warm.
His figures were perfect.
His findings have not been released yet.
His fingernails have grown a good half inch.
His forces will not threaten you in that region for some time.
His formation flying was a little erratic.
His galvanic skin response has increased nine percent.
His hands?
His head.
His heart is not Klingon.
His heart needs active neurofeedback.
His heart's beating!
His heartbeat is accelerating rapidly.
His heartbeat is strong, but the pulse is off.
His honour would demand revenge.
His immune system is under attack.
His injuries are extremely serious.
His injuries are very critical.
His insubordination is growing by leaps and bounds.
His internal physiology's baffling.
His is an expression of revulsion.
His joviality is the means by which he creates that loyalty.
His judgments were required reading at the Academy.
His life ended when those containers fell on him.
His life remains in jeopardy?
His love.
His loyalty is admirable, even if it is misplaced.
His maternal grandmother was born on Betazed.
His memory's intact.
His mind.
His molecular structure is destabilising.
His mother and I thought he'd never get out of calculus.
His mother was the ship's systems engineer.
His mother's Napean, his father's human.
His mother's missing too.
His mouth?
His murder would have no honour.
His name has never been discovered.
His name is Boothby.
His name is Flaherty.
His name is Geordi.
His name is L Q Sonny Clemonds.
His name is Ralph Offenhouse, age fifty five, occupation financier.
His name is Reginod.
His name is Roga Danar.
His name is Tam Elbrun.
His name stands for integrity and principle.
His name was Joshua Albert.
His name's Eli Hollander.
His name's Hugh.
His name's Wesley.
His neck is broken.
His neural nets don't conform to any known patterns.
His neural physiology is unusual.
His neural synapses are overloading.
His neurochemistry's been affected, but I don't know how or why.
His nobility, courage, self-sacrifice, tenderness.
His nonchalance is studied and practised.
His objections were noted, discussed, but ultimately rejected.
His observations about you, for instance.
His old lady's been giving him a hard time.
His one endearing quality, he always cleaned up after himself.
His only living relatives are an aunt and uncle residing on Earth.
His orders don't apply to me.
His own government.
His passion lies in the perfection of the tools of violence.
His pattern is locked and holding.
His pattern's degraded fifty three percent.
His pile's a lot bigger than yours.
His presence is required.
His presence would undoubtedly retard the new android's progress.
His punishments for disloyalty are equally lavish.
His ratings aboard the Zhukov were satisfactory.
His reaction was just the opposite of mine.
His red cell count is running riot.
His remaining will create difficulties for us all.
His respiratory system is shutting down.
His respiratory system's in spasm.
His results were slightly higher than Mister Crusher's.
His rewards for loyalty are lavish.
His saddle?
His security scans came up negative.
His signal resolution's dropped to fifty five percent.
His signal?
His style of command is just different.
His synaptic energy is dropping.
His temper is completely out of control.
His thoughts became truly pornographic.
His true bloodlines were hidden to protect him.
His true family are waiting for him on Earth.
His true heritage is human, Endar.
His upper spinal column has been broken in three places.
His visit is not just an inspection of Lal's progress.
His visor seems to be translating those distortions into visual impulses.
His vital functions are overworked.
His vital signs are barely registering.
His vital signs are distorted.
His vital signs are getting weaker.
His vital signs are holding.
His vital signs are more normal.
His vital signs are stabilising.
His vital signs are stable.
His vital signs have stabilised and he's sleeping now.
His was stronger.
His weapon could be lethal.
His what?
His wife, Mendrossen, even you.
His word is his bond.
His words are not mine.
His world is gone, Data.
Historical.
Historically intriguing, Captain.
History has no record of your battle with the Romulans.
History has shown us that strength may be useless when faced with terrorism.
History has to fulfill itself.
History is aware of the role you played, Ambassador.
History recorded that you destroyed the Uthat.
History will look at you and say this man was a fool.
History, my history, would unfold in a way other than it already has.
Hit by a disruptor blast two years ago.
Hit it with a positron emission.
Hit the.
Hit them hard and hit them fast.
Hit to the starboard nacelle.
Hit?
Hitler on the move.
Hiya Doc.
Hiya, Doc.
Hm.
Hmm, yes.
Hmmm?
Hold course and speed for twenty eight seconds, then come to a full stop.
Hold course, Mister Crusher.
Hold fire.
Hold for my order.
Hold for my orders.
Hold for orders.
Hold him steady.
Hold him.
Hold it right there!
Hold it right there, boy.
Hold it right there.
Hold it steady, Wesley.
Hold it, that's my chair.
Hold off.
Hold on to him.
Hold on, Captain.
Hold on, I'll check.
Hold on, I'm getting something here.
Hold on, Jake.
Hold on, it won't be long.
Hold out your hands.
Hold position and wait.
Hold position here until we can get our bearings.
Hold position here.
Hold position on these coordinates.
Hold position, away team.
Hold position.
Hold present course.
Hold present position.
Hold surface.
Hold that thought.
Hold the stone like this.
Hold them for questioning.
Hold this position again.
Hold us here.
Hold very still, Counsellor.
Hold where you are, Klag.
Hold your fire!
Hold your fire.
Hold your ground, Mister Data.
Hold your other arm like this and aim along it.
Hold your position until the Rutian medics arrive.
Hold your position, Mister Worf.
Hold your positions please.
Hold your positions.
Hold your speed, Captain Okona.
Hold!
Hold, Number One.
Holder of the Sacred Chalice of Rixx?
Holding at stand by.
Holding steady, sir.
Holding the Lucasian Chair does have its perquisites.
Holding this position.
Holding, sir.
Holding.
Hollander's father.
Hollow.
Holmes!
Holmes, are you there, man?
Holmes, the poor woman hardly has the strength to strangle a man this size.
Holodeck control systems have been bypassed.
Holodeck five is in use.
Holodeck matter doesn't have any cohesion unless it's inside the grid.
Holodeck off.
Holodeck programme 47C.
Holodeck three is clear.
Holodeck three programme is ready.
Holodeck three programme is reinstated.
Holodeck three, sir.
Holodeck?
Holograms.
Holographic Klingons.
Holza is nobody.
Home file.
Home in on that response with our tricorders.
Home.
Homeless?
Homework.
Homn, perhaps we should consider my alternate plan.
Honest, trusting, strong.
Honest.
Honestly, I don't remember.
Honestly, we did not give it any thought.
Honesty is the trait he admires most.
Honey, I think it's time for you to go.
Honey, now you know it's bad luck to count your chips at the table.
Honey?
Honour demanded no less.
Honour is everything.
Honour will soon have no meaning.
Honourable, strong and closed minded.
Honourless.
Honours in probability mechanics and exobiology.
Hood out.
Hooey?
Hook it up to the diagnostic array and I'll check it out.
Hooked my model tractor beam into ship's power.
Hop.
Hope and despair.
Hope?
Hoped?
Hopefully he filed a flight plan before he left the station.
Hopefully he'll tell us, Number One.
Hopefully it'll just lose interest.
Hopefully the Captain will follow.
Hopefully the delay will be minimal.
Hopefully we can make some good law out here.
Hopefully you can bring back some information about their domain.
Hopefully, by then you will have regained more of your memory.
Hopefully, in time, his memory pathways will reestablish themselves naturally.
Hopefully, it will also produce a new era of prosperity for my people.
Hopefully, no one else will have to go through what you did.
Hopefully, that'll hold them off for awhile.
Hopefully, the answer lies over there.
Hopelessness, despair, cruelty.
Horatio?
Horns.
Horrifying.
Horse.
Horses sometimes run into a burning barn.
Horses?
Hosh'ar te'not?
Hostages?
Hostile is now beginning to overtake us, sir.
Hostile now at warp nine point eight, sir.
Hostile's velocity is already warp nine point six, sir.
Hostile's velocity is nine point seven, sir.
Hot chocolate, please.
Hot damn.
Hotel Royale?
How I found my calling.
How I found my true calling.
How I wish I could have died with her.
How about April Fools?
How about Barclay's Protomorphosis Syndrome?
How about Jean-Luc?
How about Mister Picard?
How about a big hug?
How about a cup of nectar direct from Prometheus?
How about a drink?
How about a friendly game of poker?
How about a game, computer?
How about a kiss?
How about a phaser?
How about a sandwich?
How about a war?
How about at warp seven?
How about here, Mister Singh?
How about it now?
How about my quarters.
How about some Andorian blues?
How about some blackjack?
How about some different music, Computer.
How about some nice Mareuvian Tea?
How about that, Data?
How about the Klingon?
How about the look on your face?
How about this one?
How about until next time.
How about you, Commander?
How about you, Mister Worf?
How about you, young man?
How about you?
How about, until next time?
How about?
How am I feeling?
How am I supposed to defend myself when I can't see a thing?
How am I supposed to do that?
How and when was it repaired?
How are his fighting skills?
How are our rather quarrelsome guests?
How are people being changed?
How are the others?
How are the surface winds, Geordi?
How are the survey preparations coming along?
How are they reacting to our sudden change in course?
How are they treating you, boy?
How are they?
How are things down in Engineering?
How are we communicating?
How are we doing?
How are we going to beam through their shields?
How are we going to get down there?
How are we going to know whether the pulse reboots Data's ethical programme?
How are you examining them?
How are you feeling, Wesley?
How are you getting them back?
How are you going to do it?
How are you holding up?
How are you this morning?
How are you, Commander Riker?
How are you, Dad?
How are you, boy?
How badly are you hurt, Data?
How basic shall I be?
How beautiful.
How big is a quantum filament?
How boring.
How can I accept this?
How can I ask them to sacrifice themselves based solely on your intuition?
How can I be a leader if I don't know anything about my people?
How can I be of service?
How can I be sure you won't kill me if I acquiesce.
How can I be sure?
How can I believe this Orta will be satisfied with more of the same?
How can I do that?
How can I expect a fair and impartial decision?
How can I fight someone that big?
How can I find Korgano?
How can I have a good time when my career's being decided across the room?
How can I help you?
How can I help?
How can I oppose even unreasonable demands?
How can I reproduce a sound with clay?
How can I tell him if he's not going to listen to me?
How can I?
How can a character from 1890's London draw a picture of the Enterprise?
How can a chemical substance can provide an escape.
How can a geometric form disable a computer system?
How can a two-dimensional entity have access to a three-dimensional universe?
How can anything be too efficient?
How can he be Captain of that vessel and not understand its simplest function?
How can he endorse reunification when it's considered subversive?
How can he mediate without his interpreters?
How can he?
How can humans survive down there?
How can that be from a planet with no people?
How can that be, if the interface circuitry is burned out?
How can that be?!
How can the Federation help influence your children in your traditions?
How can they continue to fight?
How can they know what my deepest fear is when I don't?
How can they?
How can this be done?
How can this be?
How can this marking be here?
How can two grown men share the same childhood experiences?
How can we be of help?
How can we be prepared for that which we do not know?
How can we be sure these records haven't been falsified?
How can we be sure we can get them out of you?
How can we be sure you're a Mizarian?
How can we believe someone whom we know, we know, to be a liar?
How can we believe you?
How can we confirm your diagnosis?
How can we find my original quantum state and return me to it?
How can we grow when everything that made us who we are is gone?
How can we know what effect those events will have on the present.
How can we learn to put that aside?
How can we let this happen, Liator?
How can we oppose the Duras when we continue to fight among ourselves?
How can we settle for that?
How can we slow them down?
How can we trust an officer who doesn't follow orders?
How can you be alive?
How can you be certain there are ferocious creatures there?
How can you be certain they're receiving us?
How can you be comfortable watching people die?
How can you be so calm about this?
How can you be so incredibly naive?
How can you be so sure?
How can you be?
How can you have such a casual attitude toward killing?
How can you just casually accept your role in murder?
How can you know he won't be happier with me?
How can you know that?
How can you know what it's like to lose something you never had?
How can you lose?
How can you make head or tail of it?
How can you not sing for all to hear?
How can you play it like that?
How can you possibly be harmed?
How can you process information at that speed?
How can you stand it day after day?
How can you stop us?
How can you take care of yourselves?
How can you write about something that you've never seen.
How can you?
How charming.
How clever.
How close are the Cardassians to having the components they need?
How close are we on that transporter?
How close is it to the Captain?
How close to the Cardassian border are we?
How come we're talking about me instead of you?
How come you can pick up something so heavy?
How come you never gave him prune juice?
How come you're not Captain?
How comforting, Number One.
How comforting.
How complicated could it be?
How concentrated is the activity?
How contagious is it?
How could I be so accurate?
How could I not?
How could I?
How could Tasha Yar be my mother?
How could a ship disappear from your depot?
How could any of us?
How could anyone be prepared to hear that a parent is never coming home again?
How could anyone exist in an environment so totally hostile toward human life?
How could anything compare?
How could he get to the shuttlebay and leave the Enterprise without us knowing?
How could he have beamed through them?
How could his wife function normally if this theory of yours is correct?
How could it be alive?
How could it be seven?
How could it end up here?
How could it have been so far off?
How could it have exploded?
How could it?
How could she read this stuff?
How could something be in there?
How could that be?
How could the Romulans plant a bomb on board a Klingon attack cruiser?
How could they have found out about the rendezvous, Commander?
How could they know of this location?
How could they?
How could this happen?
How could this virus have been transmitted, Doctor?
How could we ever integrate that into our society?
How could you assure their silence?
How could you be in there and know that?
How could you get an empathic impression from an empty room?
How could you have mated with a Boraalan?
How could you know?
How could you let this happen?
How could you not love him?
How could you possibly have known?
How could you possibly?
How could you resist her?
How could you tell I was bluffing?
How could you tell?
How could you, Doctor?
How could you?
How could your mother mate with a Romulan?
How critical will the losses be?
How cruel of you to make them wait so long to commit suicide.
How curious.
How current is this information, Mister Data?
How dare you criticize my way of life, my beliefs.
How dare you use me like this?
How dare you.
How delightfully primitive.
How did Andrew take the news?
How did I do?
How did I get here?
How did I know you were going to say that?
How did a being like you get here?
How did he die?
How did he do it, Data?
How did he do it?
How did he get out?
How did he put it?
How did he seem then?
How did it come to be used in contemporary language?
How did it feel to get angry?
How did it get in?
How did it get there?
How did it go?
How did it happen?
How did she die?
How did that feel?
How did the Conductor stop the train?
How did the ship sense the fire?
How did they die?
How did they leave?
How did this ever get started?
How did this happen to you?
How did this happen?
How did this thing get aboard the Enterprise?
How did we get here?
How did we get there?
How did we know?
How did we miss it, Data?
How did we miss the connection between warp drive and the formation of the rift?
How did you come to that decision?
How did you come to your decision?
How did you come up with this?
How did you decide?
How did you discover the truth?
How did you do it so quickly?
How did you do it, sir?
How did you do it?
How did you enjoy the rest of the conference, Counsellor?
How did you find all this out?
How did you find me?
How did you find us?
How did you formulate
How did you get Worf to take the blame for you?
How did you get me off the ship?
How did you get out of the camp?
How did you get that name?
How did you happen to develop this ability?
How did you help him?
How did you know I was going to call your bluff?
How did you know about me?
How did you know that, sir?
How did you know their medicinal values?
How did you know what I had?
How did you know, sir?
How did you learn of this camp?
How did you learn to dance so well?
How did you like command?
How did you make the room shake?
How did you manage it?
How did you manage that?
How did you overcome the problem of replicative fading?
How did you put it, about the mess?
How did you recognise that?
How did you respond?
How did you suppress the natural sexual drive?
How did you survive the storms?
How did you?
How different?
How disappointing.
How do I deal Riker and the Hathaway?
How do I destroy everything?
How do I do it?
How do I explain my refusing to obey their laws down there.
How do I get a hold of that feller with the strange looking face?
How do I get to Ten Forward?
How do I know I was in my right mind at Maxia?
How do I know I won't be killed anyway?
How do I know I'm in my right mind now?
How do I know how far it went?
How do I know this cargo is safe to transport?
How do I know this is not a Federation trick?
How do I know what I desire?
How do I know you're not just telling me what I want to hear?
How do I override the doors?
How do I strike you?
How do I tell them what to do?
How do expect to fight without your sword, sir?
How do they cloak the planet?
How do they open the conduits?
How do they reason?
How do we bypass the security system?
How do we communicate?
How do we compensate?
How do we even know they'll be able to survive?
How do we fight something that both is and is not there?
How do we find the source?
How do we fool it, block it, shut it down, anything?
How do we get him out of there?
How do we get out of it?
How do we get the Enterprises that are already here back to where they belong?
How do we know we'll pick up that word the next time through?
How do we locate the beacon?
How do we proceed?
How do we reason with them?
How do we reverse the process?
How do we use the cloak to escape from the asteroid?
How do you account for all the empty rooms?
How do you account for this discrepancy?
How do you allow Klingon pahtk to walk around in a Starfleet uniform?
How do you avoid a sensory overload?
How do you do, Lal?
How do you explain that?
How do you feel about that person you used to be?
How do you feel at this moment, as you lean over him to take the specimen?
How do you feel now?
How do you feel, Captain?
How do you feel, my friend?
How do you get used to it?
How do you have possession of that?
How do you know Pardek?
How do you know Penthar-Mul?
How do you know about them?
How do you know so much about this outpost?
How do you know that this is not the way the prophesy was to be fulfilled?
How do you know that, Ambassador?
How do you know the Captain?
How do you know the same thing won't happen?
How do you know these metals will protect us?
How do you know this will work?
How do you know this?
How do you know until you try?
How do you know when something is funny?
How do you know who I am?
How do you know your family's not still alive?
How do you know, sir?
How do you know?
How do you like it?
How do you like the Millers, Captain?
How do you like your boy, Captain?
How do you like your tea?
How do you make small talk with someone who shaped the Federation?
How do you make the round part?
How do you manage it?
How do you people live like this?
How do you plan to get our people out of Prytt territory?
How do you read the designer?
How do you recognise what it is?
How do you send messages to other communities, to other places?
How do you separate the programme from the man?
How do you simulate a cosmic string?
How do you stand that hair all over his face?
How do you suggest we change their minds?
How do you suggest we deal with them?
How do you tell each other apart?
How do you think we handled this before?
How do you think?
How do you turn on this teevee?
How does Lieutenant Alyssa Ogawa sound?
How does a machine evolve?
How does he do it?
How does he fit into all this?
How does he know we're not who we appear to be?
How does it end?
How does it feel to have your own face back?
How does it feel?
How does it work?
How does stimulation of the olfactory nerves affect the enjoyment of sex?
How does that explain what's happening to the Enterprise?
How does that feel?
How does the conduit look?
How does this resignation threaten the ship and its crew in any way?
How does this ship run?
How does this work?
How ever you did it, thank you.
How far along was he?
How far are we?
How far can he be trusted?
How far did it go, anyway?
How far did they get in their research?
How far do you think that trust goes?
How far does this game go?
How far down is it likely to go?
How far have these negotiations progressed?
How far inside Cardassian space is it?
How far must we penetrate to safely allow transporter function?
How far, sir?
How fast I can compute, my memory capacity, how long I will live.
How fast can you do it?
How fast is the wave travelling now?
How fast would a ship travel through one of these conduits?
How forcefully?
How fortunate you know something of Romulan medicine.
How frequent are your contractions?
How fully?
How handsome you look.
How have you been, Data?
How have you done this, come to this time?
How he thinks, what he's capable of doing.
How he united our people long ago.
How infinite in faculty.
How is Counsellor Troi?
How is Lal doing?
How is Leah?
How is Miss Brianon?
How is Odan?
How is all this related to your time shifting?
How is he, Doctor?
How is it again, Pardek's tried to show me.
How is it moving, Data?
How is old Boothby?
How is the crew's spirit?
How is the energy being used.
How is the testing?
How is your crew shaping up?
How is your diplomatic assignment progressing?
How is your investigation proceeding?
How is yours?
How it ended.
How it got there is none of my business, Captain.
How little do you mortals understand time.
How little you understand what you're facing, Captain.
How long ago?
How long are you going to sit sulking like Achilles in his tent?
How long before I begin to change?
How long before a total systems failure?
How long before impact?
How long before it loses integrity?
How long before the baryon sweep gets here?
How long before the power drain becomes critical, Mister La Forge?
How long before they cross over into Federation territory?
How long before they're in weapons range?
How long before this hull ruptures?
How long before we can return to warp power?
How long before we get there?
How long before we have warp power again?
How long before we make contact?
How long before we regain attitude control?
How long before we rendezvous with Captain Picard?
How long before you have it in position?
How long can they survive in there?
How long can two people talk about nothing?
How long can we expect it to last?
How long can we maintain communication?
How long can you maintain it?
How long did it appear to you that we were frozen?
How long did you spend in each time period?
How long do we have shields based on current calculations?
How long do we have to wait?
How long do we have, Hannah?
How long do you need?
How long do you plan on staying?
How long does he have?
How long has he been like this?
How long has he served with you?
How long has it been since your last diplomatic contact?
How long has the bird been dead?
How long has this been going on?
How long have I been here?
How long have I been locked away?
How long have you been at this?
How long have you been on Caldos?
How long have you been on board?
How long have you been sitting there?
How long have you been watching me?
How long have you been with Intelligence?
How long have you had that beard?
How long have you held this post?
How long have you known that you were like this?
How long have you served on board the Enterprise, Ensign?
How long is it going to take to develop a vaccine?
How long is the dosage effective?
How long is the interval?
How long is this going to take?
How long since his last neurological scan?
How long they stay that way depends on you.
How long till meltdown?
How long till we reach their central command?
How long to full shield restoration?
How long to prepare to die?
How long to rendezvous, Mister Crusher?
How long to the Phelan system, Mister Data?
How long until Captain Picard returns?
How long until Skoran and the others return?
How long until the Enterprise reappears?
How long until the Enterprise-C enters the rift?
How long until the new ones are in place?
How long until the planetary collision?
How long until they begin to coalesce?
How long until they're fully conscious?
How long until we reach the Fleming?
How long until we reach transporter range?
How long until you're ready?
How long were we out?
How long were we unconscious?
How long were you angry with the Captain, Wes?
How long were you down on Galorndon Core?
How long will he be staying aboard ship?
How long will it be?
How long will it really take?
How long will it take to compile the data?
How long will it take to complete a level one search?
How long will it take to finish your studies on Kaldra?
How long will it take to get the rest of the crew off the surface?
How long will it take to programme the phasers, Number One?
How long will it take to repair our battle damage?
How long will it take to repair?
How long will it take to set up?
How long will it take you?
How long will the field last?
How long will the fields last?
How long will the transport window be open?
How long will we be on impulse power?
How long will we have before they can detect us and intercept?
How long will we have, Lieutenant?
How long will you have this host?
How long will you live, Data?
How long would it take to execute that?
How long would it take us to get to the Kalla system?
How long would you say they've been there, Data?
How long, Data?
How long, Geordi?
How long, Mirasta?
How long, Mister Worf?
How many Klingons are being held here?
How many Romulans guard the camp?
How many are Duras?
How many are Gowron's men?
How many are with you?
How many cards?
How many devices do we think we're dealing with, Mister Data?
How many do you have?
How many do you see now?
How many duty watches does the crew stand?
How many finally?
How many generations are we dealing with here?
How many guards in the shuttlebay?
How many lights are there?
How many lights do you see there?
How many lights?
How many men and women, how many friends have we watched die?
How many more Datas are there?
How many more colonists do you have to transport?
How many more?
How many of them were there?
How many of those forty years of civil war are on your head, Karnas?
How many of your men do you want to accompany you?
How many on board?
How many operations per second?
How many other people know about this?
How many other programs did you create?
How many others were part of this mission?
How many outposts are there in this sector?
How many owe you their lives?
How many people are down there?
How many people did we leave behind?
How many people get to serve with Jean-Luc Picard?
How many people on board are capable of doing this, Geordi?
How many people on this ship consider you a friend?
How many people survived?
How many people were aboard?
How many people were assigned to this outpost?
How many people were on that ship?
How many people will die this time?
How many people would it take to set that up?
How many ship's logs during that period?
How many vouchers do you have, again?
How may I be of service?
How may we assist you, Counsellor?
How may we be of assistance, Ambassador?
How much can you shave off that?
How much danger from that star?
How much do I have left here?
How much do you know about the process?
How much do you know about what happened to the last ship called Enterprise?
How much do you remember?
How much has been changed?
How much hytritium did we manage to bring on board?
How much longer before we reach them?
How much longer can we keep him on life support?
How much longer can you maintain pursuit?
How much longer do we have?
How much longer do you think the investigation will take?
How much longer till we can access their logs?
How much longer till we reach the new planet?
How much longer until we clear the rift?
How much longer will it be?
How much longer?
How much more of this useless fantasy must I listen to?
How much protection will this cave give us?
How much reduction?
How much time did Data and Graves spend together?
How much time do we have here?
How much time do we have, Mister Worf?
How much time do we need to drop out of warp?
How much time will these adjustments require, Lieutenant?
How much, Data?
How neatly you rationalise your capabilities.
How nice.
How noble in reason.
How now, spirit.
How often do they have to change bodies?
How old are you?
How old do you think I am?
How old is he?
How old is the boy now?
How old were you when your father was killed?
How old were you?
How plead you, criminal?
How quaint.
How repugnant.
How repulsive.
How rude.
How sad, dear brother.
How serious is their condition?
How serious, I can't tell yet.
How serious?
How shall I explain?
How shall I live down the humiliation?
How she will change to accommodate him.
How should I answer?
How simple all this would be without the Prime Directive.
How slow?
How so sad for you.
How so, Data?
How soon before the ODN process is in place?
How soon before the deflector's ready?
How soon can you be at Galorndon Core, Number One?
How soon can you do that?
How soon can you have the link ready?
How soon can your ship be ready?
How soon do we get underway, Geordi?
How soon do you intend to return to Lya Station Alpha, sir?
How soon until you know?
How soon will you be ready to leave Acamar?
How soon will you be ready?
How soon?
How specific?
How strong are your shields, Captain?
How strong is the magnification?
How sweet.
How tall was he?
How terrible for you.
How the Borg found something to believe in.
How the devil did you get over here?
How the hell are we going to get it out of there?
How the hell can you listen to four pieces of music at the same time?
How the hell did he manage that?
How the hell did they find themselves on a deserted planet?
How the hell do I advise you?
How the hell do you know that, boy?
How the hell?
How the mighty have fallen.
How they ever mastered the rudiments of space travel is a genuine curiosity.
How they start to treat you differently.
How thoughtful.
How thoughtless of me.
How to Advance Your Career through Marriage?
How to get back to that life.
How true.
How unlikely?
How very enlightening.
How very mutual.
How very sad.
How very thoughtful.
How was his job performance?
How was it, Captain?
How was the Bat'leth tournament?
How was the racquetball?
How was the reception?
How was the ritual performed in the past?
How was the second pattern able to maintained its integrity?
How was the seminar?
How we might feel about your dying?
How well I know.
How well did you know Lieutenant Aster?
How well did you know her?
How well do you know Spock?
How well do you remember your mother?
How well you know me.
How well you know.
How were you able to accomplish the repair so quickly?
How were your young trapped in the core?
How widespread is this movement?
How will I live?
How will she do that?
How will these resonators destroy the crystals?
How will we be certain the procedure has been successful?
How will we get there undetected?
How will we know you will not withhold information?
How will you feel when Alexander's gone?
How will you gain access?
How will you get them across the border?
How will you keep a chronicle?
How will you keep us a secret when so many have seen and heard so much?
How will you proceed when you're there?
How will you proceed?
How will you stop the fighting?
How will you?
How wonderful.
How would Commander Riker feel if he had the measles.
How would I know it would take four decades?
How would I know?
How would Starfleet judge me if I didn't?
How would he react under stress?
How would it benefit the Klingon Empire?
How would it manifest itself?
How would that help?
How would they react?
How would this affect others on board the ship?
How would you characterise your relationship with Captain Picard?
How would you convince Masaka that you're him?
How would you define unusual, sir?
How would you evaluate her as a Chief Medical Officer?
How would you evaluate me as an officer?
How would you feel about my playing the viola part tomorrow?
How would you handle this if our positions were reversed?
How would you like me to get over there, sir?
How would you like them to give the transporter operation a little once-over?
How would you repair it?
How would?
How you doing?
How!
How'd it go?
How'd that get in there?
How'd this happen?
How'd you get away with it?
How'd you know I was bluffing?
How'd you like to be a spider under that table?
How'd you?
How're things in the land of the living?
How're you doing, Doc?
How's Data?
How's Lal?
How's Lieutenant Suna?
How's he progressing?
How's it coming?
How's it feeling?
How's it going, Data?
How's it working?
How's life on DS Three?
How's my mom's favourite patient?
How's my namesake holding up to all this?
How's my ship?
How's my smallest patient doing?
How's our mediator.
How's that Cardassian virus, Admiral?
How's the arm?
How's the elbow?
How's the scan going, Data?
How's tricks?
How's your patient, Doctor?
How's your patient?
How's your search coming?
How's your team shaping up?
How've you been?
How, Commander?
How, Counsellor?
How, Geordi?
How, er, how's it going?
How, exactly?
How, sir?
Howard women.
Howdy, Commander.
Howdy, Sheriff.
However I do require some supplies.
However I would estimate impact within ninety seconds.
However intriguing that may be, we are now in the midst of an urgent journey.
However it happened, the Yamato did it to herself.
However it was well within operational limits.
However it will take some time to take effect.
However its velocity has increased to warp four point one.
However their death rituals are quite complicated.
However, Ensign D'Amato directly challenged my authority.
However, I am anticipating a troubling situation.
However, I am correct in what I said.
However, I am quite certain the audience was oblivious to such nuances.
However, I am reading extensive animal remains, mostly fossilised.
However, I am reading no life forms within the structure.
However, I am strongly motivated to solve this mystery.
However, I can see no other reasonable course of investigation available to us.
However, I could be in error.
However, I do have a request.
However, I do have the adult RVN patterns of all four of them.
However, I do not see how we can achieve our task if you continue to ignore me.
However, I do sense a certain anticipation regarding my role in the wedding.
However, I don't think I would make a particularly good subject.
However, I don't think you asked me here to discuss our military situation.
However, I have finally decided that I must ask you to release her to me.
However, I have not yet had a reason to modify the length of my hair.
However, I must ask you to stop your experiment.
However, I seem to have an intuitive understanding of its function.
However, I still have Counsellor Troi and Captain Picard.
However, I suggest we piggy-back our signal on Romulan subspace transmissions.
However, I usually made more palatable choices.
However, I will open with fifty.
However, I would prefer to make certain there are no anomalies in my neural net.
However, I'm concerned that you're working yourself too hard.
However, Lieutenant D'Sora serves under my command.
However, all attempts to locate him on the surface have failed.
However, all that changed three days ago.
However, at Farpoint we saw you as savages only.
However, before you can join the group, you must pass the gik'tal.
However, deflectors have not yet returned to full efficiency.
However, from his behaviour in class so far, I do have some concerns.
However, he has now left us.
However, here on the Enterprise we use the chain of command.
However, if necessary, it can go much higher.
However, if you wish to face a greater challenge, you may stay here with me.
However, if you would like counsel, it can be provided for you.
However, in literature, criminal detection can be a fascinating exercise.
However, it appears to be focused on the warbird's Engineering section.
However, it is approximately one point two million times as intense.
However, it is highly unlikely.
However, it is more complex than that.
However, it is on an intercept course.
However, it is the most reasonable hypothesis.
However, it is within three light years of Cardassian space.
However, it may initiate the collapse of the surrounding supports.
However, it was in its initial stages when he died.
However, it would still appear to be the better choice.
However, its purpose is to maintain thermal control of my internal systems.
However, our success has come at a high price.
However, sensor readings are highly distorted.
However, sensors indicate extremely high levels of residual antiprotons.
However, since I have none, I would prefer you to be honest.
However, sixty five percent of it is contained within the asteroid.
However, some of the ship's systems may be affected by prolonged exposure.
However, tetryon flux in the area is increasing rapidly.
However, that approach would require much more time than our original plan.
However, that will all change once I'm back on board.
However, the Prytt have no link designed for extraterritorial communication.
However, the Taqua tribe of Nagor sees it as an icon of hearth and home.
However, the high level of interference prevents a positive lock.
However, the mission must proceed as planned.
However, the receiving station is on the third planet.
However, the sentiment is appreciated.
However, the ship's main computer has been damaged.
However, the star's single planet falls within the M-class range.
However, the station has not responded to repeated hails.
However, the subspace signal indicates a warp engine breach.
However, there are circumstances of which you may be unaware.
However, there are no protostars in this sector.
However, there is a chance that the damage would not be irreparable.
However, there is a possibility we won't have to terminate her.
However, there is a sixty percent chance you will not survive the procedure.
However, there is no physicality.
However, there's nothing to disprove what you're saying.
However, they are all too young to be Miranda Vigo.
However, they are significantly less complex.
However, they have left sensor frequencies clear.
However, this is not sleepware and I do not have a missus.
However, we also recognise that safety is an issue.
However, we cannot grow old together because I will not grow old.
However, we could reconfigure a photon torpedo for manual launch.
However, we have been unable to find any way to counteract it.
However, we may be able to learn something from the attempt.
However, we never quite learned how to eat it.
However, you may find this of interest.
However, your evaluation of the available information is biased.
However, your methods leave much to be desired.
However.
Hugh, I'd like to take a closer look at your eyepiece.
Hugh, a Borg rescue vessel is approaching.
Hugh, do you understand we don't want to be assimilated?
Hugh, it's not too late to change your mind.
Hugh, think about this.
Huh?
Hull breach is imminent.
Hull breaches on decks seventeen and thirty six.
Hull integrity now compromised on decks three through fifteen.
Hull penetration, deck thirty six, Engineering.
Hull rupture in main Engineering.
Hull stress has returned to normal.
Hull stress is increasing.
Hull stress is nearing maximum tolerance.
Hull stresses have exceeded maximum tolerance.
Hull stresses one hundred twenty percent above tolerance.
Hull temperature dropping.
Hull temperature falling.
Hull temperature is critical.
Hull temperature one thousand degrees and rising.
Hull temperature rising.
Hull temperature seven hundred degrees.
Hull temperature twenty five hundred degrees.
Hull three thousand degrees.
Human beings have other ways of doing that.
Human history is full of many similar legends.
Human interpersonal relationships are more complex.
Human intuition, instincts.
Human language gives me difficulty too, sir.
Human life.
Human males are unique.
Human nature, sir?
Human or Klingon?
Human or not, I want no part of you.
Human!
Human, about two metres tall, smooth-headed.
Human, you have just destroyed yourself.
Humanity is no longer a savage race.
Humanity's fate has been sealed.
Humans are mortal.
Humans are so sentimental.
Humans are such commonplace little creatures.
Humans can't survive in that environment.
Humans constantly think one thing and say another.
Humans have fingerprints.
Humans have pores.
Humans like to touch each other.
Humans no longer own each other that way, Mother.
Humans perhaps.
Humans seem to take much stronger notice of actions.
Humbug, I tell you.
Humbug.
Humiliated.
Humming.
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall.
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall.
Hundreds of others on board have not been affected either.
Hundreds of prisoners are rioting.
Hundreds, thousands if necessary.
Hungry, thirsty, exhausted.
Hungry?
Hunting them down is not what I am proposing.
Hunting?
Hurray for the acting Captain!
Hurry it up.
Hurry up now.
Hurry, go, go.
Hurry, hurry.
Hurtful to each other, savage, thieving.
Husband.
Huts are better.
Hyperonic radiation also interferes with ship's transporters.
Hyperonic radiation randomises phaser beams.
Hypospray.
Hypothetically speaking.
Hypothetically speaking?
Hysterical, in fact.
Hytritium entering water table.
I Don't remember very much though.
I accept your challenge, Doctor.
I accept your challenge, Father.
I accept your word.
I accepted discommendation to protect the Empire.
I accessed the complete Klingon cultural database.
I acted accordingly.
I activated the emergency power cells.
I actually feel as if I'm in the Scottish Highlands.
I actually had an opportunity to touch a plasma field.
I actually served on two.
I actually thought I might go with the name Thomas.
I admire gall.
I admire your conviction in the face of certain defeat.
I admire your skill at trying to obfuscate our sense of reality.
I admit I feel the effects of his death.
I admit I must have mistaken their subspace antenna for a weapons cluster.
I admit I was surprised, but no more surprised than Jean-Luc.
I admit it's unusual.
I admit some of my people are impulsive.
I admit we withheld modern technology from some worlds.
I admit, I haven't been myself lately.
I admit, I've been feeling a little fatigued.
I adore diplomacy.
I adore her.
I advise against the use of phasers, sir.
I advise against this, Captain.
I advise you to listen closely for I will not say this again.
I advise you, Picard, not to pass our way again.
I agree Geordi.
I agree it would be difficult, but not impossible.
I agree that is a possibility.
I agree that's a risk, but I see no alternative.
I agree to your terms.
I agree with Commander Riker.
I agree with her, Jean-Luc.
I agree with the Counsellor.
I agree, Ambassador.
I agree, Doctor.
I agree, entirely.
I agreed to handle the comm.
I agreed.
I ain't in the mood for games, Sheriff.
I allowed two of the nanites to interact for a school project.
I almost cost you your life!
I almost didn't make it off the surface.
I almost got in under your guard, Worf.
I almost lost a man.
I already have a hell of a first officer.
I already have a job as Counsellor.
I already have possession of this planet and your ship.
I already have the support of four squadron commanders in key strategic sectors.
I already know far more than you can imagine.
I already know what you're going to say.
I also enjoyed this Bregit lungs.
I also found social gatherings difficult.
I also have a grown daughter.
I also have a responsibility to humanity.
I also have nothing to gain.
I also have the responsibility of being the bearer of unhappy news.
I also hear that you're a musician.
I also know it's wrong.
I also know that he will make every effort to protect the lives of his people.
I also once asked you if you were doing this of your own accord.
I also said I wanted you to obey your teachers and keep your promise to me.
I also saw him here in the hospital, but I don't know who he is.
I also scanned the candle.
I also teach an advanced class.
I also think that I saw the Captain on his way to her quarters.
I also thought we'd decided against recommending it.
I also want all civilians with medical training to report for duty.
I always assumed I'd be coming back to the Enterprise.
I always felt safe when you sang to me.
I always felt you were in my corner.
I always get an A.
I always had a different vision than my father.
I always hated you for that.
I always have.
I always imagined that she did.
I always keep my arrangements, sir.
I always know best.
I always loved that about him.
I always loved that face.
I always rather had to work at that.
I always said I wanted my own command, and yet something's holding me back.
I always see you.
I always seem to be out there on the edge, taking chances.
I always thought Starfleet had a lot to learn from me, Captain.
I always thought he'd outlive us, by centuries.
I always thought she was weak for doing that, but maybe I was wrong.
I always thought that we'd get together again.
I always thought this room could use a little more colour.
I always thought you needed a little humiliation.
I always try.
I always will.
I always wondered what it would be like to travel across the galaxy.
I always wound up in the observation lounge, staring out at the stars, thinking.
I am Admiral Mendak.
I am Admiral Savar.
I am Ajur.
I am Alexander.
I am Ambassador T'Pel.
I am Anya.
I am Armus.
I am Beata, The Elected One of Angel One.
I am Beata, The Elected One.
I am Bok, DaiMon of the Ferengi.
I am Bractor, leader of the Ferengi attack vessel Kreechta.
I am Captain Bryce Shumar, of the Federation Starship Essex.
I am Captain Endar of the warship Q'Maire.
I am Captain Jean Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise.
I am Captain Jean Luc Picard, of the USS Enterprise.
I am Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Enterprise.
I am Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation starship Enterprise.
I am Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise.
I am Captain Picard, commanding the Enterprise.
I am Captain Picard.
I am Commander Data.
I am Commander K'Nera.
I am Commander Riker of the Federation Starship Enterprise.
I am Commander Sela.
I am Commander Sirol of the Romulan vessel Terix.
I am Commander Sunad of Zalkon.
I am Commander Tebok.
I am Commander William Riker of the USS Enterprise.
I am Commander William T Riker.
I am DaiMon Tog of the Ferengi vessel Krayton.
I am Debin of planet Atlec, ordering you to heave to and prepare to be boarded.
I am Doctor Howard Clark, director of the science station here on Ventax Two.
I am Doctor Sigmund Freud.
I am Ensign Mendon.
I am First Officer William Riker of the USS Enterprise.
I am French, sir, not Swiss.
I am Galek Sar, Captain of the Promellian cruiser, Cleponji.
I am Geordi.
I am Gorta.
I am Gul Evek.
I am Gul Macet of the Cardassian ship Trager.
I am Gul Macet.
I am Hugh.
I am Ihat.
I am Jaglom Shrek, a man with information to sell.
I am Jean Luc Picard, Captain of this vessel.
I am Jean Luc Picard.
I am Jean-Luc Picard of the Enterprise.
I am Jean-Luc Picard, Captain of the USS Enterprise.
I am Jean-Luc Picard, of the Federation Starship, USS Enterprise.
I am Jono.
I am K'Ehleyr.
I am Kahless, I am the strongest, the bravest warrior.
I am Kahless, and I have returned.
I am Kareel.
I am Karnas, governor of Mordan Four.
I am Ki Mendrossen, the ambassador's chief of staff.
I am Kurn, commander rank, Klingon Defence Force.
I am Kurn, son of Lorgh.
I am Lakanta.
I am Lieutenant Commander Data of the Federation Starship Enterprise.
I am Lutan.
I am Lwaxana Troi.
I am Major Rakal of the Tal Shiar.
I am Mendon.
I am Minister Krola of Internal Security.
I am Mitena Haro, of Bolarus Nine.
I am Neral.
I am Noonian Soong.
I am Nuria.
I am Pardek.
I am Q.
I am Rashella.
I am Regina, Countess Bartholomew.
I am Riva.
I am Rondon, you despicable Melanoid slimeworm!
I am Secretary Kushell from the Legation of Unity of the planet Straleb.
I am Starfleet, Captain!
I am Subcommander N'Vek.
I am T'Jon, Captain of the Sanction.
I am Talarian.
I am Tarr.
I am Tokath.
I am Toral, son of Duras.
I am Troi and this is Riker.
I am Wesley Crusher.
I am Will Riker.
I am Worf, commanding the Enterprise.
I am Yog.
I am Yuta of the clan Tralesta.
I am a Betazoid ambassador.
I am a Douwd.
I am a Klingon!
I am a Klingon, sir.
I am a Starfleet officer.
I am a Traveller.
I am a career Starfleet officer.
I am a logical being.
I am a man out of time, Captain, and that isolates me.
I am a master of worlds, and they fly only as I wish.
I am a personal friend.
I am a physician and saw her die.
I am a scientist on an important mission.
I am a traveller from a faraway land.
I am a traveller.
I am a warrior.
I am a woman dressing for a man.
I am able to discern over three hundred different vocalisations.
I am about to reenter the world of Dixon Hill, this time properly dressed.
I am accessing.
I am accusing you of collaborating with that monster!
I am acquainted with the Yamato, Commander.
I am actually flying into a star.
I am adding virtual particle trajectories.
I am afraid I cannot answer that Wesley.
I am afraid his true destination remains a mystery.
I am afraid if I have another waking dream, I might injure him.
I am afraid it will not matter.
I am afraid ship's records do not concur.
I am afraid that is not possible.
I am afraid the prisoner has eluded us, sir.
I am afraid they will not believe you either.
I am afraid we cannot permit you to warn your guards.
I am afraid you are not real either, Lieutenant.
I am afraid.
I am ageless, Picard.
I am alive, and I am aware of my own consciousness.
I am alive?
I am already listed in several bio-mechanical texts, Doctor.
I am also detecting an ion trail intersecting the phenomenon.
I am also fond of you, Commander.
I am also open to the possibility that I may in some way be the causal factor.
I am also revoking your flight privileges.
I am also the warrior, the perfect line which never wavers.
I am always careful.
I am an android, Mistress, although anatomically I am a male.
I am an android, not a robot.
I am an ice man.
I am an inventor.
I am an old man.
I am an orphan.
I am as healthy as a Rigelian ox.
I am assisting Commander La Forge with a very complex calculation.
I am at war with no one.
I am at your disposal for a rematch.
I am at your mercy.
I am attempting to analyse motion pattern.
I am attempting to ascertain whether Doctor Tainer's story is true.
I am attempting to compensate.
I am attempting to do so now, sir.
I am attempting to do so, Doctor.
I am attempting to fill a silent moment with non-relevant conversation.
I am attempting to isolate him with thermal sensors.
I am attempting to localise it.
I am attempting to master all known styles of painting.
I am attempting to penetrate the Borg regenerative subcommand path.
I am attempting to scan the observation post.
I am attempting to screen out sensor interference.
I am attempting to track its source.
I am awaiting inspiration.
I am aware of his origins.
I am aware of that, Admiral.
I am aware of that, Captain.
I am aware of that, Commander.
I am aware of that, Doctor.
I am aware of the difficulties.
I am aware of the risks involved.
I am aware of the risks, Ensign.
I am aware of the tactical situation, Lieutenant.
I am be serving a Betazoid dinner of greeting tonight, Captain.
I am been fighting the only war that I can against an intractable enemy.
I am beginning to remember certain things.
I am being patched through right now, sir.
I am betrayed by desires.
I am by no means embarrassed by your presence here.
I am capable of that function when it is expected of me.
I am certain he was referring to you.
I am certain that you could.
I am certain the Admiral is anxious to meet Lal.
I am cha'DIch.
I am clearly a bad diplomat.
I am comfortable, well fed and housed.
I am committed to peace.
I am concerned about completing our mission, ending this war.
I am concerned about giving the Captain unsound advice.
I am concerned about my brother, Crosis.
I am concerned at being in such close orbit. 
I am concerned whether it understands the same concept of reason that we do?
I am concerned.
I am confident they will.
I am considered to be alive.
I am constrained to abide by the terms of our agreement.
I am content to stand.
I am continuing to organise my files.
I am cross-checking with the ship's computer.
I am curious about one thing, Johnny.
I am curious as to why Spot is not caring for them.
I am curious how you were able to repair the power grid so quickly.
I am currently on an expedition.
I am currently running a level three diagnostic of the relays, sir.
I am dangerous.
I am deactivating the atmospheric force field now.
I am decompressing the main shuttlebay.
I am decorated as well.
I am deeply concerned by what is happening here.
I am delighted that Worf is going to recover.
I am deploying fifteen starships along our side of the Neutral Zone.
I am designed to exceed human capacity.
I am detecting a chroniton field in here.
I am detecting a faint energy reading.
I am detecting a quantum flux in your cellular RNA.
I am detecting a significant number of strands behind us.
I am detecting a vessel holding position near the third planet.
I am detecting eight humans.
I am detecting large amounts of ultritium.
I am detecting no animal life within fifty kilometres.
I am detecting no bodies of water, no vegetation, no artificial structures.
I am detecting no temporal anomalies in this system.
I am detecting other radio transmissions, Captain.
I am detecting transporter signatures in three cargo bays.
I am different.
I am differentiating particle-emission signatures now.
I am disabled, and I'm telling you I cannot perform my duties.
I am disconnecting my interface to the computer.
I am drawing upon various cultural and literary sources to help define my role.
I am eager for that.
I am eager to test the success of our efforts.
I am employed here.
I am en route to the planet Risa to attend an artificial intelligence seminar.
I am equipped with diagnostic circuits and am able to correct many malfunctions.
I am establishing the interface.
I am evil.
I am exactly what I would choose to be.
I am experiencing a curious sensation.
I am experiencing nIb'poH, the feeling I have done this before.
I am experiencing nIb'poH.
I am experiencing subspace interference which limits my abilities.
I am experimenting with friendly jibes and insults.
I am extraordinarily selfish.
I am faced with it.
I am familiar enough with your behaviour patterns to predict certain decisions.
I am familiar with Doctor Pulaski's technique.
I am familiar with many Klingon rituals, including the B'aht Qul.
I am familiar with the Neutral Zone.
I am familiar with your appearance.
I am female.
I am fine, thank you.
I am flattered.
I am for her alone.
I am forced to agree, Captain.
I am fortunate she was old enough to survive the storms.
I am from the twenty fourth century, where you and I serve aboard a starship.
I am fully capable of running a circuit check on myself.
I am fully versed, sir, on all your theories regarding time and gravity.
I am functioning within established parameters.
I am functioning within normal parameters.
I am functioning within normal.
I am gender neuter.
I am getting energy readings.
I am getting readings that indicate organic material embedded in this wall.
I am getting sleepy.
I am getting some anomalous readings from your neural net.
I am glad that you understand, sir.
I am glad that you're all right.
I am glad to have stopped also.
I am glad you approve, Doctor.
I am glad you approve.
I am glad you are comfortable.
I am glad you are here.
I am glad, sir.
I am going to attempt to penetrate the Romulan Central Information net.
I am going to disassemble Data.
I am going to kill him!
I am gone!
I am grateful for your assistance.
I am gratified, Doctor Jo'Bril.
I am happy to bring more food.
I am happy.
I am harmony, wisdom, balance.
I am having difficulty establishing a pattern lock.
I am having difficulty getting a clear reading on the eighth.
I am having difficulty scanning the object.
I am having problems with Alexander.
I am having problems.
I am her father.
I am here against my better judgment.
I am here at my own request.
I am here because Captain Picard ordered me here.
I am here to facilitate its incorporation.
I am here to protect you.
I am here, sir.
I am his wife, and he is fine.
I am honour-bound to help Sarek carry out this mission.
I am honoured by your presence, but may I suggest you attend the second concert.
I am honoured to meet your officers.
I am honoured, Captain.
I am honoured.
I am hopeful the purpose behind it will be revealed in the next few hours.
I am hoping the Enterprise will find the answer to this enigma.
I am human!
I am implanting nano-cortical fibres in your cerebrum.
I am in charge of the Twenty third Sector JAG office.
I am in command now.
I am in no condition to negotiate with the Romulans or with anyone else.
I am in no mood for trifling or games, not today.
I am in perfect health.
I am in the Finiis'ral, the third and final stage.
I am in the grip of forces you do not understand.
I am incapable of anger.
I am incapable of any feeling.
I am incapable of embarrassment.
I am incapable of forgetting.
I am increasing the input now.
I am independent, forceful, brilliant, and adventurous.
I am initiating Red Alert.
I am initiating a fleet-wide Yellow Alert.
I am interrogative, yes, and I would appreciate an explanation.
I am just asking.
I am just one cadet.
I am left with more of a mystery than ever.
I am looking forward to hearing about it.
I am looking forward to resuming my duties aboard the Enterprise.
I am losing because you've been cheating all along!
I am loyal to my brother.
I am man, he is machine.
I am many things.
I am merely a spectator.
I am merely stating a fact, Counsellor.
I am merely stating that their ways our different than ours.
I am merely trying to persuade him that his people should prepare to evacuate.
I am monitoring increased activity inside Cardassian space.
I am more concerned about the remaining provisions of the treaty.
I am more concerned with what would be best for her.
I am mortal.
I am most grateful.
I am moving to grid one five eight.
I am much relieved, sir.
I am myself again.
I am nearly finished compiling readings from our most recent illuminatory burst.
I am needed here.
I am no a threat to you, your ship or your crew.
I am no longer a warrior.
I am no longer strong.
I am no longer that evil character, I have changed.
I am no more human than you are.
I am not Dixon Hill.
I am not Masaka.
I am not Mordoc.
I am not a criminal, Captain.
I am not a criminal.
I am not a man to be toyed with, Mister Hill.
I am not a man.
I am not a merry man.
I am not a mind control expert.
I am not able to pinpoint the source.
I am not affected by emotional considerations.
I am not afraid, he said.
I am not alarmed.
I am not amused.
I am not angry with you.
I am not at all interested in peace.
I am not authorised to talk with a Kes official.
I am not aware of Regulation six point five seven.
I am not being foolish!
I am not being unreasonable.
I am not capable of either of those functions.
I am not capable of tasting in the manner you suggest.
I am not certain I do.
I am not certain if he should be praised or condemned.
I am not certain of the exact rate.
I am not certain that is true.
I am not certain what would be an effective lure.
I am not certain which security measure he is attempting to circumvent.
I am not certain why, sir.
I am not concerned about my father chasing nurses.
I am not concerned with pleasure, Commander.
I am not dead.
I am not easy to get along with.
I am not encouraging him.
I am not entirely certain they will, sir.
I am not entirely certain what has happened.
I am not even fully versed on all of my theories.
I am not expecting battle.
I am not familiar with metagenics.
I am not fearful.
I am not fine, Jenice.
I am not for sale.
I am not going to run away, Ba'el.
I am not happy.
I am not here to hurt you.
I am not human.
I am not interested in hearing your hostage negotiation tactics, Commander.
I am not laughing.
I am not looking at anything, sir.
I am not looking forward to this.
I am not lying.
I am not merely injured, Commander.
I am not nervous.
I am not offended.
I am not one of them, Captain, and I'm beginning to see that neither are you.
I am not ordering him to do anything.
I am not prepared to do that.
I am not registering a hull breach.
I am not saying that at all.
I am not sick because I feel this way.
I am not simply an advisor.
I am not strong enough to fight it.
I am not stupid.
I am not sure I ever had a true belief.
I am not sure I remembered all of the codes for the security system.
I am not sure I understand it.
I am not sure he is a Romulan.
I am not sure what to do.
I am not sure.
I am not the Overseer.
I am not the person to lead the revolt.
I am not the target of Bok's threats.
I am not twelve years old.
I am not used to having people question my judgment.
I am not your puppet anymore.
I am not!
I am not, sir.
I am now Commander of this ship.
I am now at maximum warp.
I am now attempting to access the long range sensor array.
I am now fully engulfed in the corona.
I am now prepared to dance at the wedding.
I am now receiving a message from Starfleet Command.
I am now stabilising the containment field.
I am now waiting for Commander Riker to finish moving the probe.
I am now.
I am old enough.
I am on board the Enterprise.
I am on my way.
I am on the Enterprise.
I am on the Ornaran freighter.
I am one android with a single weapon.
I am one million kilometres from the star's corona.
I am one of the latter.
I am only an android.
I am only asking for a little flexibility.
I am only asking for six months.
I am only half Betazoid.
I am only here to secure the release of the Federation hostages.
I am only thinking of what is best for the boy.
I am open to suggestions.
I am operating within established parameters.
I am ordering you never to reveal what has happened here today.
I am painting.
I am part Betazoid too.
I am part human, too.
I am passion, the libido.
I am perceiving an apparent change in the way others behave toward me.
I am perfectly comfortable.
I am perhaps not nearly so human as I aspire to become.
I am picking them up, sir, but I cannot identify the source.
I am picking up a scattering of debris in extended orbit around the planet.
I am picking up energy readings.
I am picking up massive gravitational fluctuations, sir.
I am picking up molecular displacement traces.
I am picking up no vessels, no additional sentry pods.
I am pleased to say it was damaged when I was forced to fire on Lore.
I am prepared to discuss this situation.
I am prepared to offer an added incentive.
I am prepared to release Riker after we have interrogated him.
I am prepared.
I am preparing for the task of impersonating a Romulan.
I am preparing to initiate a static warp shell.
I am preparing to leave Tau Cygna Five and await rendezvous instructions.
I am proceeding into the laboratory.
I am proceeding to the lab, sir.
I am programmed to answer any and all questions about the unit.
I am programmed with the procedures you mention, sir.
I am programming the comm.
I am programming the coordinates.
I am properly addressed as Ensign Ro.
I am pursuing it with due vigilance.
I am pushing!
I am quite familiar with your communications systems.
I am rapidly losing patience with you.
I am reading a great deal of surface instability.
I am reading a malfunction in our forward disruptor array.
I am reading a massive EPS explosion.
I am reading a power surge in the Tamarian plasma reactor.
I am reading a small pocket of vegetative life.
I am reading a temporal distortion of massive proportions.
I am reading an ion trail characteristic of a freighter escape pod.
I am reading definite signs of anaphasic energy in her body.
I am reading power fluctuations on all decks.
I am reading significant power fluctuations from the station core.
I am ready for duty, sir.
I am ready now, Captain.
I am ready now.
I am ready to access the main power grid.
I am ready to be put to death.
I am ready to depolarise the power grid.
I am ready to die.
I am ready to irradiate your existing brain cells.
I am ready, Captain.
I am ready, Commander.
I am ready, sir.
I am receiving a Code Forty Seven.
I am receiving an emergency summons from Starbase Five One Five.
I am referring to the filthy pahtk who is using his name.
I am referring to the great detective's credo, sir.
I am relieved that the injuries I inflicted on you are not permanent.
I am reminded of a recent dream.
I am responding, sir.
I am responsible for the safety of this ship and its crew.
I am responsible for their deaths.
I am responsible for this.
I am rich, Picard, yet two of these cost me the profits of an entire life.
I am running the base drilling programme.
I am scanning all seven planets of the Vilmoran system.
I am scared.
I am searching for a definition that will allow me to test an hypothesis.
I am searching for two individuals with an ophidian.
I am sensing an emotional presence, Captain.
I am showing no transporter activity.
I am simply attempting to verify her assertions.
I am simply curious to know what lies beneath.
I am simply forcing you to sit in it.
I am simply trying to help you understand.
I am simply trying to make an objective assessment.
I am simply trying to see that it doesn't end that way.
I am so happy to see you.
I am so old.
I am so sorry that your friends were killed.
I am so sorry.
I am somewhat concerned that my training efforts will ultimately fail.
I am sorry I could not be more helpful, Doctor Pulaski.
I am sorry about what happened.
I am sorry for that, but it is very complicated.
I am sorry for this, Captain.
I am sorry if I upset you.
I am sorry if I was disturbing you, sir.
I am sorry if our diplomatic methods offended you.
I am sorry to bother you, but I have a question of a personal nature.
I am sorry to disturb you, sir.
I am sorry to hear you did not enjoy yourself.
I am sorry to report your comrade's injuries are beyond our medical abilities.
I am sorry we couldn't save your ship.
I am sorry you are intransigent.
I am sorry, Commander!
I am sorry, Counsellor.
I am sorry, Doctor, but I cannot help you.
I am sorry, Miss Annie.
I am sorry, Wesley.
I am sorry, but I have no form of legal tender.
I am sorry, but I have no whiskey to give you.
I am sorry, but after speaking with Ro Laren, I decided that it was.
I am sorry, but use of sickbay equipment is limited to ship's medical personnel.
I am sorry, your Honour, but can you explain it, Picard?
I am still Captain of this vessel and you are still crew and sworn to obey me.
I am still Jean-Luc Picard.
I am still somewhat in awe of its size and complexity.
I am still struggling with my injury.
I am still trying.
I am still your captive.
I am strongly motivated in this matter.
I am stuck.
I am studying several new techniques.
I am such a fool.
I am suddenly suddenly not sure of myself.
I am suggesting Karnas is the last man to give them such weapons.
I am superior, sir, in many ways, but I would gladly give it up to be human.
I am superior, sir, in many ways.
I am sure everything will be fine.
I am sure he meant now.
I am sure that is evident to you, Spock.
I am sure that will not be necessary, Captain.
I am sure the child will arrive soon.
I am sure the three of us can handle any problems.
I am sure.
I am surprised to find myself here.
I am switching off for transport.
I am switching to backups.
I am taking it as such.
I am taking part in a legal hearing to determine my rights and status.
I am talking about the extraordinary consequences of creating new life.
I am talking to you, Picard.
I am teaching Spot to jump down from the desk on my command.
I am that android.
I am that parasite.
I am that which binds all the others together.
I am the Captain of this vessel!
I am the Scholar.
I am the anarchy of lust, the romantic and the lover.
I am the culmination of one man's dream.
I am the elder brother, Kurn.
I am the elder brother.
I am the first of my kind to approach this metamorphosis.
I am the last of my line, but my clan will outlive yours.
I am the leader of these people.
I am the one responsible for the deaths in the computer core.
I am the one who will take care of you.
I am the only model available, Admiral.
I am the only one, sir.
I am the only one.
I am tickled pink to have had the opportunity of witnessing this, Picard.
I am tired of lies.
I am tired.
I am to become host to Odan.
I am told that the punishment for this crime is quite severe.
I am too.
I am totally versed in the genre of the period.
I am tracing the transporter beam Bok used to send the probe.
I am trained in evasive manoeuvres.
I am truly dismayed that you told no one of what you were doing.
I am truly grateful, Mrs.
I am trying to establish a new relationship with the Admiral.
I am trying to understand your resistance.
I am unable to answer that question, sir.
I am unable to block it.
I am unable to compensate.
I am unable to correct the system failure.
I am unable to determine whether there are any lifeforms present.
I am unable to establish contact.
I am unable to identify specific lifeforms.
I am unable to locate any malfunction.
I am unable to lock on to Commander Riker, sir.
I am unable to make a precise measurement.
I am unable to raise them on any communication channel.
I am unable to scan within the vessels.
I am unable to terminate the connection, sir.
I am uncertain if a simple transmission will be adequate.
I am uncertain, sir.
I am uncertain.
I am under direct orders from Admiral Pressman not to discuss this, sir.
I am under orders.
I am understanding more and more.
I am unfamiliar with that term.
I am unfamiliar with the gentleman's name.
I am unfamiliar with this symbol.
I am unwilling to hurt her needlessly.
I am unwilling to risk the Countess' safety.
I am using the time to catch up on my study of poetry.
I am very apologetic for what has happened to your mother.
I am very happy for Commander La Forge.
I am very sorry, but you will have to leave.
I am waiting for an explanation, Captain.
I am warning you.
I am well aware of your request, Commander.
I am whole again.
I am willing to die for my freedom, Doctor.
I am willing to make the greatest sacrifice of all.
I am willing to pay handsomely for you.
I am willing to pay you your weight in gold in exchange for the disc.
I am willing to risk my life simply to help others.
I am working on it now but the number of permutations is almost endless.
I am your father's mother.
I am your father.
I am your friend.
I am your liberator.
I am your love.
I am your servant.
I am your son Alexander.
I am your son.
I am your worst nightmare.
I am yours.
I am, Doctor.
I am, I am now, sir.
I am, in fact, capable of functioning for extended periods in a vacuum.
I am, sir.
I am?
I anticipate a glowing report.
I anticipate that we'll be able to destroy the outpost within fifteen minutes.
I anticipated every contingency.
I anticipated some tilling, but it didn't occur.
I anticipated that diversionary tactic based on his pattern to date.
I apologise for being late, Captain.
I apologise for being late.
I apologise for her behaviour.
I apologise for my outburst.
I apologise for my temper.
I apologise for the confusion, sir.
I apologise for the delay in our arrival, Ambassador Briam.
I apologise, Captain.
I apologise, sir, but this is very difficult for me.
I apologize for this.
I apologize for your discomfort.
I appear to be reversing that defeat.
I appeared to you in a vision in the caves of No'Mat.
I appreciate any assistance you can offer.
I appreciate it, but that really wouldn't be necessary.
I appreciate that, Number One.
I appreciate the value of what you're offering.
I appreciate what you are trying to do, but it is not appropriate.
I appreciate what you're trying to do.
I appreciate your advice and concern, but this is not the time for rash actions.
I appreciate your advice, Lieutenant.
I appreciate your caution.
I appreciate your concern, Commander Data.
I appreciate your concern, Doctor, but I think I may surprise you again.
I appreciate your help, but your bedside manner needs work.
I appreciate your help.
I appreciate your motives, but his mother is dead.
I appreciate your offer, DaiMon Bok.
I appreciate your offer, Lieutenant, but this is my responsibility.
I appreciate your patience.
I appreciate your seeking other options, sir.
I appreciate your telling me that face to face.
I appreciate your warning, Prime Minister.
I appreciated receiving the specs.
I ask forgiveness.
I ask only that I be allowed to explore this new world.
I ask that I be allowed to take my station.
I ask them, you answer.
I ask you to stand with me, to be my cha'DIch.
I ask you, restore my family name.
I ask your forgiveness.
I asked Captain Picard to keep it quiet.
I asked Counsellor Troi to join us.
I asked Lieutenant Commander Data to help us analyse the alternatives.
I asked a question.
I asked for Commander Riker's report, Acting Ensign Crusher.
I asked for a Holmes-type mystery with an opponent capable of defeating Data.
I asked for you.
I asked him to stay.
I asked him where he had gone, what he had done, he refused to tell me.
I asked how many lights you see.
I asked if you knew who it is.
I asked you if I could help you with anything.
I asked you to meet me here after school.
I asked you, what is this place?
I assume Commander Riker chose me because I'm the best person for the job.
I assume from your request for his transfer that you think he's not, Commander.
I assume from your tone of voice that you were unsuccessful.
I assume something's wrong with the cake or something's bothering you.
I assume that you are both continuing your investigations?
I assume that you must be Lieutenant Commander Daren.
I assume that you're qualified to pilot this shuttlecraft.
I assume that you're referring to Kahless.
I assume the Vorgons have proof to back up their claim.
I assume the work is progressing on the conference room?
I assume this is a simulation.
I assume this is not a time to confront him about what happened to his ship.
I assume we are returning to Lunar Five.
I assume you have control of the computer.
I assume you have no modesty.
I assume you know what it's about.
I assume you studied Military History with him?
I assume you'll need the files on Doctor Reyga and Jo'Bril?
I assume your hand print will open the door whether you are conscious or not.
I assumed an attitude of authority that was unwarranted.
I assumed as much when I began studying you.
I assumed as much, sir.
I assumed as much.
I assumed he must still be here.
I assumed you were Chancellor Alrik.
I assumed you'd be there, since you're off duty.
I assure you Captain Riker is quite well.
I assure you I am Captain Picard.
I assure you I can.
I assure you I intended no deception.
I assure you it's all right.
I assure you that is not necessary.
I assure you there is no one more eager to put this behind us than I am.
I assure you this action will not be questioned.
I assure you this is an informal inquiry.
I assure you we're in perfect health.
I assure you, Admiral, there's no better guide into this life for Lal than Data.
I assure you, Ambassador, everything will be ready before the conference begins.
I assure you, Captain, no aggression was intended.
I assure you, Commander, the cards are sufficiently randomized.
I assure you, Commander, the cards have been sufficiently randomised.
I assure you, I have a good reason for asking.
I assure you, Mister Worf, these are not jat'yIn.
I assure you, it is extremely pleasurable.
I assure you, this is not a game.
I assure you, we will do everything possible to make you comfortable.
I assure you, you will have the rent, in full, with a bonus.
I at least want to know what is going on.
I attended the Resolution of my parents when it was their time.
I await your decision forthwith.
I await your decision.
I barely escaped from it.
I barely got away in one piece.
I beamed this man onboard?
I became angry.
I became self-aware.
I beg forgiveness, Commander, but Major Rakal ordered me to fire.
I beg you to let him keep the respect he has earned.
I beg you to volunteer.
I beg you, support us in our cause.
I beg your pardon, Ensign.
I beg your pardon, Wesley?
I began by painting the image of the blacksmith.
I began my career as a shuttle pilot, on the Jovian run.
I began programming it at the cybernetics conference.
I began to panic.
I began to realise that when she talked about having nightmares.
I begged him to tell those stories over and over.
I behaved inappropriately.
I believe Beverly asked you to leave her alone.
I believe Commander Shelby erred.
I believe Counsellor Troi is the senior officer on the deck.
I believe Guinan does keep a limited supply of non-syntheholic products.
I believe I am able to resume my duties.
I believe I am the most fortunate sentient in this sector of the galaxy.
I believe I can activate the pheromones with a bioactivant solution.
I believe I can control him, Little One.
I believe I can convince them that this is an equitable solution.
I believe I can fit you in next Tuesday.
I believe I can handle it from here, Mister Crusher.
I believe I can help, Captain.
I believe I can safely traverse the distance.
I believe I can use her amniotic fluid as a template for a retrovirus.
I believe I experienced another memory loss.
I believe I had another waking dream, sir.
I believe I have a few words to say, sir.
I believe I have an idea.
I believe I have found it.
I believe I have found just that.
I believe I have given you an erroneous impression.
I believe I have isolated the twenty ninth cipher access code.
I believe I have much to offer a potential mate.
I believe I have overexerted myself.
I believe I have seen the Overseer.
I believe I have the best part of that bargain, Ambassador.
I believe I have to get ready for a dinner appointment.
I believe I know how he transferred information off the Enterprise.
I believe I know why our messages are not being answered.
I believe I may be of some assistance.
I believe I may know what has happened, sir.
I believe I observed that you seem to have an aversion to orderliness.
I believe I recognise these symbols.
I believe I said that.
I believe I see the flaw in your logic.
I believe I understand, Doctor.
I believe I will initiate a dream programme now.
I believe I will preserve the mystery until then.
I believe I will stay.
I believe I would like to go back to my people.
I believe I would.
I believe I'd like to travel for a while, see more of the galaxy.
I believe I'm infected myself, Captain.
I believe I'm ready for the next phase of my treatment.
I believe Karnas has the hostages, and there never were any dissidents.
I believe Mister Orton has dropped his defence shields.
I believe Serova's attempting to create a warp core breach.
I believe a military confrontation may be unavoidable.
I believe a self-determining intelligence is emerging.
I believe a very important scientific discovery awaits us on this heading.
I believe he found what he was looking for, Counsellor.
I believe he has taken Alexander.
I believe he means television, sir.
I believe he's dying.
I believe he's going to live.
I believe he's telling the truth.
I believe in a strong connection between body and mind.
I believe it important we have another look at it.
I believe it is a gift.
I believe it is an emergent property.
I believe it is an epidermal layer that has been cast off during moulting.
I believe it is because of what they did to your wife and your children.
I believe it is coming from above.
I believe it is dead, sir.
I believe it is my responsibility to plan and conduct the memorial service.
I believe it is worth an attempt.
I believe it may have been coming to a halt.
I believe it may have happened before.
I believe it must eventually come.
I believe it prevented more problems than it created.
I believe it to be one reason he is so popular among the crew.
I believe it was Lieutenant Barclay.
I believe it was a beacon.
I believe it was a nightmare.
I believe it was a repulsor beam.
I believe it was aimed at an unexplored sector of our galaxy.
I believe it was left by a Starfleet type six shuttlecraft.
I believe it was programmed to destroy any person moving in that room, sir.
I believe it will be visible on anyone who has been compromised.
I believe it would, Captain.
I believe it would.
I believe it's almost time, isn't it Captain?
I believe it's the Federation that fears an alliance between Romulus and Vulcan.
I believe my exact words were a dangerous, savage, child race.
I believe my tricorder emissions caused the temporal aperture to activate.
I believe my twenty six years of Starfleet service qualifies me for such a post.
I believe not, sir.
I believe she is amphibian, sir.
I believe she is asking if we want the room cleaned.
I believe she is doing well.
I believe she looks like Chief O'Brien.
I believe so, Ambassador.
I believe so, Commander.
I believe so, Doctor.
I believe so, sir, but it will take some time to decipher the patterns.
I believe some sort of neural matrix is forming on the ship.
I believe some will choose to risk death rather than leave, Captain.
I believe something invaded them.
I believe that I can do more.
I believe that is also an attainable goal.
I believe that is not uncommon in the late months of pregnancy.
I believe that is the case, sir.
I believe that is why they call it gambling.
I believe that it was.
I believe that it would be premature to take that action, Mister Worf.
I believe that last sound we heard was an emergency hatch being blown.
I believe that means he would like us to be friends.
I believe that one of you has a fragment from Indri Eight.
I believe that statement to be inaccurate, sir.
I believe that's what Captain Garrett would want me to do.
I believe that's where we should look for the Essex.
I believe the Ambassador is extremely fond of Mozart.
I believe the Captain is now his separate self, sir.
I believe the Doctor means is that humans enter what is known as REM sleep.
I believe the Sovereign wants me to return.
I believe the answer to both questions is no, sir.
I believe the attack on us was an isolated incident, nothing more.
I believe the beings are using that frequency to communicate telepathically.
I believe the exocomp was protecting itself.
I believe the iron mass of the anvil will provide that.
I believe the key to understanding the ship's behaviour lies in the holodeck.
I believe the maximum saturation level should be eighteen point three percent.
I believe the rules are understood by all.
I believe the starship Sutherland will need a captain.
I believe the surge overloaded my positronic matrix.
I believe the wiser course of action here is to bend.
I believe them.
I believe there is a test for Bendii Syndrome.
I believe there's someone waiting for us in the Observation Lounge.
I believe these are the remains of one of our lieutenants.
I believe they are concentrated within this burial site.
I believe they're having a minor problem with the replicator.
I believe this analogy refers to the worst quality of capitalists.
I believe this is some form of information exchange with whatever is over there.
I believe this is what happened in the Devron system.
I believe this is yours.
I believe this may be the origin of the temporal fragmentation.
I believe this will produce the desired effect.
I believe truth is in the eye of the beholder.
I believe we all know why we're here.
I believe we are trapped here.
I believe we can accommodate your wishes.
I believe we can make the necessary modifications in main Engineering, sir.
I believe we can, sir.
I believe we could read each other eventually.
I believe we have changed direction.
I believe we have discovered something significant.
I believe we have time to take a closer look, Number One.
I believe we left our tickets in our compartments.
I believe we were with Lieutenant Fratis i	n molecular biology.
I believe we're making progress.
I believe we're scheduled to arrive at the Cardassian border during delta shift.
I believe we've covered every available alternatives, Captain.
I believe we've got it now.
I believe we've met.
I believe what could be termed the Manheim Effect is becoming more pronounced.
I believe you and I have something in common.
I believe you are experiencing a classic dismemberment dream.
I believe you are in good hands.
I believe you are right, Counsellor.
I believe you are the most beautiful women I have ever known.
I believe you are trapped inside the Royale, just as I am.
I believe you could say I have been inspired.
I believe you know Commander Riker, and this is Lieutenant Commander Troi.
I believe you made an incorrect analysis of the facts at hand.
I believe you may be ready to participate.
I believe you spoke first.
I believe you to be a man of honour, Gowron.
I believe you were about to tell me that my eyes are as mysterious as the stars.
I believe you will also de-evolve into some form of early primate.
I believe you will find all of the missing items in the vessel, sir.
I believe you will find it to your liking.
I believe you'll find it an excellent aperitif.
I believe you're in my chair.
I believe you.
I believe your aim is improving.
I believe your hypothesis was correct.
I believe your impression of Data is probably unique.
I believe your mother would be pleased.
I believe your plan is a bit premature.
I believe, Captain, we can provide them with a temporary substitute.
I believe, however, this situation is unique.
I believed her.
I believed in you.
I believed we experienced an intense sensor echo.
I belong on this one.
I belong with my people.
I bet five.
I bet he knows more about Dixon Hill than I do.
I bet he sleeps in his uniform.
I bet he's got another date.
I bet he's ten kilometres from here already.
I bet if we worked together we could figure it out.
I bet one of the missing fragments was on Indri Eight.
I bet they do.
I bet you can't do this!
I bet you don't remember me singing you to sleep at night either, but I did.
I bet you were a jumper.
I bet you were really something.
I bet you're driving all the girls wild.
I bet you're hungry.
I bet.
I betrayed them.
I better get back.
I borrowed this from your stodgy Captain's mind.
I briefed the Ambassador about Mordan before he left to take up residence.
I bring greetings from those at Starfleet Command.
I broke free and tried to get to the weapons locker.
I brought Isabella to see Ten Forward.
I brought back some very impressive artefacts, too.
I brought something back from Risa.
I brought this balloon with me, filled with red pillion dye.
I bumped into Jeff again in the turbolift this morning.
I bundled them up and put them in the cleaning processor.
I busted him up.
I call Lieutenant Commander Data to the stand.
I call Lieutenant Commander Data.
I call her Doctor.
I call it Ode to Spot.
I call to the stand Commander Bruce Maddox as a hostile witness.
I call.
I called Admiral Brand today.
I called up a replay of the programme file.
I came by to see if Wes had healed up all right.
I came for you.
I came here because I sensed you were in pain.
I came here thinking we could talk this out, but maybe you're right.
I came here to convince these people to listen to you.
I came here to determine the potential for reunification.
I came here to help you.
I came here to talk to Data.
I came in here.
I came in through the window.
I came that close to winning, Data.
I came to Risa for a holiday, nothing more.
I came to apologise, sir.
I came to ask for your help.
I came to ask if you'd like to go to a ceramics class.
I came to negotiate, but that isn't what Karnas wants.
I came to say I'm sorry I frightened you.
I came to see how you're doing.
I came to see if I could be of any help.
I came to stop a war.
I came to the Enterprise because.
I came to you last night while you were asleep.
I can access the power grid here.
I can adjust the field symmetry to compensate.
I can administer an immunosuppressant.
I can aim and fire disruptors manually when they drop their shields.
I can always tell.
I can anticipate your lead.
I can appreciate that, but you will do it on the planet, not here.
I can appreciate the logic of your position, Captain.
I can arrange for a tour of the ship, if you'd like.
I can ask nothing more of him in this matter.
I can assure you it was not through official channels.
I can assure you that I'm not given to casual relationships.
I can assure you that is not the case.
I can assure you there is no need.
I can assure you there is no one being held captive aboard this ship.
I can assure you this is not a stage.
I can assure you we're not dealing with something that got away from us.
I can assure you, this is the only unit that has been tampered with.
I can assure you, we had no idea that that would be the case.
I can barely get any readings off her now.
I can barely keep my eyes open.
I can barely tolerate being in the same room with the man.
I can be an example to my people.
I can be very persistent.
I can be your ideal woman, Picard.
I can be.
I can bear no more insults!
I can believe it.
I can best accomplish this at the Tactical Station.
I can boost the confinement beam.
I can bring him around for a few minutes.
I can call my mother.
I can control the rate of my follicle replenishment.
I can deactivate the shields.
I can detect no abnormalities in the star's radiant energy.
I can do anything for you, Captain.
I can do anything his little trained minions can do.
I can do both.
I can do it, Commander.
I can do no further tests until he's out of it.
I can do that right now.
I can even block them.
I can feed him any image I choose.
I can feel his terror but I can't seem to get through to him.
I can feel it.
I can feel my heart pounding.
I can feel that some of the people are very worried.
I can feel that.
I can feel the heat from here.
I can feel the life returning to my body.
I can feel them all.
I can field strip a fusion reactor.
I can fill in the specific details from memory.
I can find my own way there.
I can find my own way.
I can find no match with anything in our records, sir.
I can find only one.
I can find the artefact.
I can finish my work.
I can get a few extra gigawatts out of these babies.
I can get it for you less than wholesale if you don't ask me where it came from.
I can get it for you wholesale.
I can get medical supplies.
I can get us there more quickly.
I can get you another supply of the drug.
I can get you to sleep.
I can give her attention, Doctor.
I can give you all safe passage.
I can give you books that will help.
I can give you some vertazine for the dizziness but I'd like you to rest.
I can go.
I can handle Shelby.
I can handle him.
I can handle it.
I can hardly imagine you contacted me to discuss an ancient battle.
I can hardly sleep at all anymore.
I can have the containment field ready by then.
I can have you there again.
I can hear Admiral Brooks now, telling me how I've disgraced Starfleet Medical.
I can hear everything that everyone on this ship thinks.
I can hear you coming, Captain.
I can hear you.
I can hear your voice, I can smell your perfume.
I can help keep you in REM sleep for a while with this cortical scanner.
I can help you if you'll just trust me.
I can help you with a rescue plan.
I can help, but I can't do it myself.
I can hold him together.
I can identify no living quarters.
I can imagine nothing that would be more offensive to a Vulcan.
I can imagine you would be.
I can induce delta sleep.
I can introduce you to Lillian.
I can jump higher.
I can kill them.
I can learn a lot from them.
I can leave whenever I wish.
I can live with that.
I can love you now.
I can make my own decisions.
I can make them more comfortable.
I can monitor every system that's routed through here.
I can neither confirm nor deny what the Zalkonians told you.
I can never have that.
I can never recover from that.
I can no longer fulfill my obligations.
I can not allow you to endanger your well-being.
I can not allow you to leave.
I can not have you confined to quarters for something you have not yet done.
I can now look forward to death.
I can now raise the door.
I can now stub my toe with the best of them.
I can offer choices, not guarantees.
I can only ask you to believe that.
I can only do that in a fail-safe environment.
I can only guess that he does not see, or he does not wish to see, the truth.
I can only guess that he's suffering from classic rejection syndrome.
I can only hope that Commander Maddox is more capable than it would appear.
I can only hope that if my son came here, he would be Klingon enough to kill me.
I can only imagine what you're going through, and I want you to know I'm here.
I can only tell you how much I regret the burden we've imposed on you.
I can only tell you that I sense something very unusual about him.
I can open the door, but only you can go through it.
I can override and beam Commander Riker aboard .
I can override her programme, but it's going to take some time.
I can override it if necessary.
I can probably create a large enough subspace field to encompass everyone.
I can probably run a shunt from the convertor.
I can programme their boridium power cells to explode on command.
I can provide him an existence where he will feel no pain, no anguish.
I can provide you with the coordinates.
I can put it on overload.
I can put you within thirty meters of it, sir.
I can realign a power transfer tunnel.
I can recall a series of images.
I can refocus the impulse pattern even tighter.
I can release it into the ship's atmosphere in a gaseous state.
I can remember it now.
I can remember my life any way I want.
I can remember the way Dad looked when he hugged me goodbye.
I can remember when I was at least considered a risk.
I can repair the damaged plasma vent from here.
I can replicate a couple more.
I can return later if I am disturbing you?
I can reverse the polarity of their forcefields to isolate this room.
I can safely say that to know him was to love him.
I can scan the ganglia manually.
I can see I'm going to have to suggest it to you.
I can see an afterimage of triolic waves.
I can see her point.
I can see her.
I can see how important this is to you.
I can see in your face all the people I've loved in my lifetime.
I can see it but I don't remember anything else about it.
I can see it in your eyes, Guinan.
I can see it now and I'm telling you that you don't have time to wait.
I can see it with my Visor.
I can see it'll be very hard to keep secrets from you.
I can see it.
I can see me in you, too.
I can see so much more than you are capable of.
I can see that you honestly didn't know what happened aboard the station.
I can see that, but what does it mean?
I can see the planet's power emanating from.
I can see thermal variations.
I can see where it might be hard for the little guy.
I can see why Nana fell in love with him.
I can see why Spock would cultivate a relationship with him.
I can see why he's still only a first officer.
I can see why your father wants to marry you off.
I can see you are a woman not only of breeding, but of wit and sagacity.
I can see you just fine, sir.
I can see you're not serious about these talks.
I can sell anybody anything.
I can sense only strong emotions, Groppler.
I can show you my rating code.
I can smell smoke.
I can spell out for you, albeit crudely, what you are choosing between.
I can still remember the aromas when my mother was cooking.
I can study him there without risk to anyone else.
I can take a deep breath now without feeling stabbing pain.
I can take over for him, but I could never replace Captain Picard.
I can talk terms, arrange for delivery, whatever you need.
I can tell you that.
I can tell you've gone to a lot of trouble.
I can tell.
I can think of no motive for such a pretense.
I can think of no one I would rather have at my side.
I can tolerate a lot from someone like you, but only to a point.
I can travel along it.
I can try and find something bigger if you want.
I can try and speed things up a bit.
I can try to augment the field with auxiliary power, but it won't be much.
I can try to realign the warp core.
I can try to set up a random frequency shift.
I can try, sir.
I can try.
I can turn down the breeze.
I can understand them looking at a dying man's eyes, but the howling?
I can understand why Captain Picard chose you to be my chaperone.
I can understand why you turned down a ship of your own to remain aboard.
I can use serving officers as legal counsel.
I can waste no more time on you.
I can watch out for myself.
I can well imagine.
I can't accept that explanation.
I can't accept this.
I can't access any of the overrides.
I can't account for it.
I can't afford to be the idealist you are, Mirasta.
I can't afford to get this.
I can't afford to take it easy, Doctor.
I can't allow him out of my care, Captain.
I can't allow it.
I can't answer that yet.
I can't answer that.
I can't ask Captain Picard to turn the ship over to a computer.
I can't be clearer than that.
I can't be sure.
I can't be that selfish, Lwaxana.
I can't believe Geordi's still running his diagnostic.
I can't believe I did that.
I can't believe I forgot about this.
I can't believe anything's overtaking us this fast.
I can't believe he's gone.
I can't believe he's really gone.
I can't believe how stupid I was.
I can't believe it!
I can't believe it's a naturally occurring virus.
I can't believe it's one of our people.
I can't believe that Chief O'Brien might be lying.
I can't believe they'd ask for your command.
I can't believe they're coming here.
I can't believe what we were about to do.
I can't believe you fell for that.
I can't believe you would allow this.
I can't believe you'd be willing to sacrifice them like this.
I can't believe you'd just give up.
I can't believe you, Mother.
I can't breathe.
I can't call Captain Picard a liar.
I can't carry you both!
I can't change what happened at the Academy.
I can't clear it.
I can't close yet, The assimilation's not complete.
I can't compensate for it.
I can't compete with a ghost from his past.
I can't confirm that.
I can't confirm.
I can't contact the Captain.
I can't contact the Enterprise.
I can't control the helm any longer.
I can't defend you if you go too far.
I can't disappear any more than you could win a beauty contest.
I can't divert any more power to the shields.
I can't do any more from out here.
I can't do any of the things that calm me here.
I can't do anything else.
I can't do anything from here.
I can't do anything right for him.
I can't do anything right.
I can't do anything.
I can't do it for long.
I can't do it without you.
I can't do that because I don't believe it.
I can't do this.
I can't do.
I can't establish a pattern lock.
I can't even access the central computer.
I can't even dance.
I can't even figure out what's keeping it alive.
I can't even guarantee that we can create them at all.
I can't even isolate the cause of the problem.
I can't even make a log entry.
I can't even predict if the drain will be at a constant rate.
I can't even see the whole board.
I can't explain any of it.
I can't explain how it happened.
I can't explain it now.
I can't explain it to myself so I can't explain it to you.
I can't explain it, Captain.
I can't explain it, but it feels real to me.
I can't face him.
I can't fight it.
I can't figure it out.
I can't figure out why I'm even being considered for this assignment.
I can't find any malfunction in the transporter.
I can't find any system flaws in the unit, Captain.
I can't find any way to close the rift or even reduce its size.
I can't find anything wrong with your internal time base.
I can't find her.
I can't find his cardial organ.
I can't find his files anywhere.
I can't find the Captain, sir.
I can't find them anywhere in orbit.
I can't get a pattern lock.
I can't get a reading on this.
I can't get a scan from the other side of the hatch.
I can't get a solid lock on you, sir.
I can't get a visual of your mother.
I can't get any kind of energy signatures from these light sources.
I can't get enough of him.
I can't get him to slow down.
I can't get in.
I can't get it out of my mind.
I can't get it.
I can't get past these security lock-outs, and I think I know why.
I can't get the engine started.
I can't get the shields up.
I can't get the story of Gulliver out of my head.
I can't get them to materialise.
I can't give the alien any more time.
I can't give the eulogy because I won't be at the service.
I can't give you one.
I can't go home.
I can't go into that.
I can't go on.
I can't go through that!
I can't guarantee it will be effective on Mintakan brain chemistry.
I can't guarantee that we'll be able to regain control.
I can't have this life!
I can't have you whining and complaining through time.
I can't heal this cleanly if you don't stop fidgeting.
I can't hear your thoughts, either.
I can't help but feel I should have come forward a long time ago.
I can't help that.
I can't help you, Bridge!
I can't hide forever.
I can't hold him, Commander.
I can't hold the antimatter containment fields.
I can't hold this power level much longer.
I can't ignore what's happened to me.
I can't imagine anyone who would be a better parent to my son.
I can't imagine how you'll get the two sides talking to each other.
I can't imagine that Ambassador Mauric would have any reason to detain us.
I can't imagine what it would be like to have things come so easily.
I can't imagine what life was like before I met you.
I can't imagine you leaving the Enterprise.
I can't just give up.
I can't just leave her there.
I can't just leave it alone.
I can't just leave them like this.
I can't just let him die.
I can't keep the alien infection from spreading to Commander Riker's brain.
I can't keep the phase inducers online.
I can't keep up.
I can't leave Kevin.
I can't leave you!
I can't let him be.
I can't let the soliton wave hit the colony.
I can't let this happen.
I can't let you do this.
I can't let you sacrifice yourself.
I can't let you start these experiments again.
I can't listen any more!
I can't live out my days as that person.
I can't live with it.
I can't live with that kind of uncertainty.
I can't locate their patterns.
I can't lock in on his signal.
I can't lock on.
I can't look at that anymore.
I can't maintain a positive lock.
I can't make it stop.
I can't make you come with us.
I can't move it.
I can't move.
I can't not accept that.
I can't open this door.
I can't override.
I can't pick out the others.
I can't pinpoint it.
I can't put my finger on it, but I'm worried.
I can't quit now and I don't want you to become involved in this.
I can't reach the Commander.
I can't read a thing.
I can't read you at all.
I can't really take myself seriously like this.
I can't remember anymore.
I can't remember what it was.
I can't resist a man who knows what he wants and goes after it.
I can't risk giving you a higher dosage.
I can't say I approve of this, Jean-Luc.
I can't say I'm sorry to hear that.
I can't say exactly, but I think its spread to my own ship.
I can't say, Number One.
I can't see anything through here.
I can't seem to find your name on the guest list, sir.
I can't seem to pin down the pattern.
I can't seem to remember how to enter the coordinates, sir.
I can't shut down the plasma injectors.
I can't shut it down.
I can't shut them out.
I can't sir.
I can't sit around and hope it all works out.
I can't sleep.
I can't slow down the reaction.
I can't smell anything.
I can't stabilise her.
I can't stabilise the shuttle.
I can't start out like a raw cadet.
I can't stay here!
I can't stay silent.
I can't stop crying.
I can't stop it, it's going to
I can't stop the heterocyclic declination.
I can't stop thinking about her.
I can't straighten up.
I can't talk you into coming with us?
I can't tell them the truth, but I don't think I can live with a secret.
I can't tell you how difficult it was to get her out of prison.
I can't tell you how pleased that makes me.
I can't tell, sir.
I can't think of anyone I'd rather be dealing with.
I can't think of anyone who would have appreciated it more.
I can't think of anything more tedious.
I can't think of anything that would cause the circuit to change so radically.
I can't think of one right now.
I can't think.
I can't tie any of them to the surplus yard.
I can't track him, sir.
I can't wait to call Dad.
I can't wait to learn.
I can't wait to see what he's come up with.
I can't wipe his memory.
I can't!
I can't, Captain.
I can't, Mister Data.
I can't, not yet.
I can, and I have.
I can, but we have no way of knowing if the shields will hold.
I cannot accept that.
I cannot access internal sensors from here.
I cannot acknowledge my relationship to the boy.
I cannot adequately express my appreciation to your crew.
I cannot allow Maxwell to ambush that supply ship.
I cannot allow it.
I cannot allow you to hold these men as prisoners.
I cannot allow you to interfere with the operation of this ship.
I cannot allow you to stay here.
I cannot ask you to put yourself in danger to rescue our crew.
I cannot be hurt.
I cannot bear that.
I cannot bear the thought of you being laid to rest on some other world.
I cannot become nervous, sir.
I cannot believe I couldn't smell it before.
I cannot believe that my people would choose to retreat after all we've done.
I cannot believe this was not an arbitrary attack.
I cannot betray my people.
I cannot bring any information up on it.
I cannot change things.
I cannot change who I am for you or anyone else.
I cannot control him if you stay.
I cannot control over what is happening to me.
I cannot delay the conference.
I cannot do that, sir.
I cannot enter it any more than I can enter her thoughts.
I cannot establish a lock.
I cannot explain how he escaped.
I cannot explain that.
I cannot expose their treachery.
I cannot find any evidence of a Will Riker.
I cannot force you to disobey his orders.
I cannot give you a complete tour.
I cannot give you what you want.
I cannot go back.
I cannot guarantee I will deliver a verdict in your favour.
I cannot help them.
I cannot help you.
I cannot identify the energy residual.
I cannot imagine that ever changing.
I cannot imagine why you are trying to block this investigation.
I cannot let any Bridge Officer serve who's not qualified.
I cannot let that happen.
I cannot make an accurate determination.
I cannot make the lock, sir.
I cannot order you to do this.
I cannot participate in an unauthorised communication.
I cannot penetrate Borg power subcommand structure, sir.
I cannot permit that boy or any member of this vessel be sacrificed.
I cannot permit that to occur.
I cannot permit that, I must protect his dream.
I cannot permit that.
I cannot permit this to continue.
I cannot possibly believe you mean this.
I cannot promise they will listen.
I cannot rely on your primitive technologies.
I cannot replace these chips in fourteen minutes.
I cannot report any significant access to the Borg consciousness.
I cannot reproduce your performance if I cannot see your feet.
I cannot rest on your beds.
I cannot reveal classified Klingon entry codes to Starfleet.
I cannot reveal that.
I cannot risk our being discovered.
I cannot see that they have anything in common.
I cannot seek revenge against an enemy who's turned to dust centuries ago.
I cannot sing in front of people.
I cannot sit in the compound like an old man.
I cannot stop our graviton signal, Captain.
I cannot stun my cat.
I cannot surrender to the Federation.
I cannot take pleasure in my accomplishments.
I cannot take the oath with you.
I cannot tell you anything beyond what I have already stated.
I cannot tell you more than that.
I cannot tell you what it is, but I can tell you what it is not.
I cannot tell.
I cannot understand the patterns.
I cannot verify that hypothesis.
I cannot, Worf.
I care about, I care about what happens on board my ship.
I care.
I caught his eye back then, but he was too fat.
I ceased my struggle by choice, not because of you or your Captain.
I certainly am not.
I certainly could not.
I certainly didn't repair a broken wrist while I was unconscious.
I certainly don't look it.
I certainly hope you'll play something for us.
I certainly won't stop her, if she cares to claim that honour.
I challenge your right of supercedence!
I challenged the ruling.
I cheat.
I checked O'Brien thoroughly.
I checked into her record, too.
I checked the cell wall integrity.
I checked the station records.
I checked with Starfleet Medical.
I cherished every android your father and I created as if it were my child.
I choose Mister Data.
I choose not to answer, sir.
I choose the latter.
I choose what I want to do with my life.
I choose your sex and appearance.
I chose to pursue my own career.
I come from Masaka's city.
I come from Rigel, my last name is Muroc and I like men in uniform.
I come in search of the truth.
I come to serve.
I command the ship that brings him.
I commanded the away team.
I commend you both.
I commend your performance, Number One.
I compared Deanna's brain scan to one that I took during her last physical.
I compared Maylor and Alkar's DNA.
I complimented him on getting the refit done faster than expected.
I comprehend.
I congratulate you, Soren.
I congratulate you.
I consider Geordi to be my best friend.
I consider it important for my key officers know each other's abilities.
I consider that no small favour.
I consider the matter closed.
I consider this a ceremonial function.
I considered Commander La Forge to be my best friend.
I continually feel fluctuations of emotion from him.
I control the away team and all its actions.
I convinced them I was a smuggler, and that my name was Galen.
I convinced them I was a smuggler.
I could access one of those.
I could arrange for you to see it if you like.
I could arrange for you to speak with her if you wish.
I could ask you the same question.
I could attach a tractor beam and adjust its heading.
I could attempt to remodulate the tricorder's delta-band emissions.
I could be chasing an untamed ornithoid without a cause.
I could be helpful.
I could beam into the turbolift, force the doors, take them by surprise.
I could call the Chief on the Bridge if anything happened.
I could create two, even three, but really one is enough.
I could develop feelings for Minuet, exactly as I would for any woman.
I could disconnect their command pathways before I programme them.
I could divert the guard's attention.
I could do it, but truthfully, the man you want is Commander Riker.
I could do that too.
I could drown.
I could feel the plasma moving up my arm.
I could get us on the Enterprise.
I could give it to you.
I could give you safe passage to a transporter pad in one of the cargo bays.
I could give you the location, for a price.
I could go a lot longer without hearing it.
I could go over it with you now.
I could have a dozen.
I could have been killed.
I could have chosen to exist as a Markoffian sea lizard or a Belzoidian flea.
I could have destroyed them with a mere thought, but I did not do so.
I could have it ready for you in two days.
I could have just been picking nits.
I could have let well enough alone.
I could have returned home.
I could have saved that child.
I could have seen you on the Homeworld.
I could have warned Darson more forcefully.
I could have you confined to quarters for the duration of the mission.
I could help you with it.
I could help you with this one, if you let me out of here.
I could hook up a modified laser scanner to a plasma inverter.
I could just file a computer report on that.
I could live with failure.
I could lose it in a minute.
I could make a start on it right away.
I could modify one of our deflector emitters to transmit old style delta waves.
I could move in closer.
I could move the beam, sir.
I could never grow beyond my programming.
I could never harm you.
I could never quite get the cadence right.
I could never tolerate all that discipline.
I could no longer stand.
I could not allow that to happen, sir.
I could not be certain you would come voluntarily.
I could not have come this far without your help.
I could not have succeeded without your support and insight.
I could not leave them there, Captain.
I could not risk bringing guards.
I could organise your closets for you.
I could put in a good word.
I could remember a short message and deliver it to them.
I could replicate one for you.
I could run it right now.
I could say home sweet home, sir, if I understood how the word sweet applies.
I could set it up for you, if you'd like.
I could snap your neck in a second, but it wouldn't be as much fun.
I could stay with you?
I could talk to Jean-Luc.
I could talk to them.
I could tell them.
I could tell you every detail, every word.
I could then use that as a reference.
I could try to get them to stop.
I could try.
I could use a cup of coffee.
I could use a drink.
I could use an extra hand at the controls.
I could use discipline, but I'd rather try and help him.
I could use some light.
I could use some of that help.
I could use some sleep.
I could use the training.
I could use your help with the infuser array.
I could very easily stay in the village.
I could've won in twenty moves.
I couldn't be like that.
I couldn't bear to be stuck in one place for very long.
I couldn't believe he would want to try again.
I couldn't believe it.
I couldn't change back fast enough.
I couldn't concentrate with all that noise.
I couldn't disagree more.
I couldn't do that.
I couldn't even guess at your IQ level now.
I couldn't find what you asked, sir.
I couldn't find your medical kit.
I couldn't guarantee what might happen.
I couldn't have been seeing through his eyes.
I couldn't have done it without him.
I couldn't have done it without you.
I couldn't hear clearly until they started to shout at one other.
I couldn't help but admire his tenacity.
I couldn't leave the Enterprise.
I couldn't make them out.
I couldn't quite hear her.
I couldn't refuse.
I couldn't resist.
I couldn't risk you.
I couldn't save him.
I couldn't say, Captain.
I couldn't see beyond the table.
I couldn't sense what you were feeling.
I couldn't sleep either.
I couldn't stand the thought of losing the only woman I ever loved.
I couldn't tell what was real.
I couldn't tell you.
I couldn't tell.
I couldn't understand it until I looked at the dynoscans.
I couldn't wait.
I couldn't, and I wouldn't.
I couldn't.
I count myself lucky, sir.
I countermanded an order he gave.
I cracked one open on the spot and ate it, very much as you just did.
I crashed here.
I crave only the blood of the enemy.
I create life.
I created Lal because I wished to procreate.
I created a site to site transporter programme.
I created her, using myself as a model.
I created her.
I created the exocomps to be tools.
I cried all that night.
I cried for two hours.
I cried.
I cross-referenced your scan results with the baseline files in the computer.
I dare say we have caught up rather nicely with our quarry.
I deactivated Data and transferred my mind into his frame.
I deal in warships.
I decided I missed my favourite son.
I decided against the procedure.
I decided to allow my child to choose its own sex and appearance.
I decided to beam directly to the surface.
I decided to show you what awaits us there.
I decided to wait until I could figure out what was going on.
I decline to allow you to go.
I deeply regret the incident.
I deeply regret what my aide has done, Captain.
I delivered it to a Barolian freighter.
I demand a phone, or a radio whatever else you have.
I demand an explanation.
I demand that you behave normally.
I demand that you do something to save them.
I demand that you repay me for my loss.
I demand to be beamed back aboard my vessel!
I demand to be let out of here, immediately.
I demand to know what you have done with it.
I demand to know why this starship has changed its course!
I demand to see the Captain.
I demand you talk business.
I deserve to make a reasonable profit.
I designed her to shut down in the event the truth was discovered.
I designed that guidance system.
I designed the exocomps to be problem solvers.
I designed them, Commander.
I desire you.
I desperately hope so.
I destroyed an entire vessel.
I destroyed their flagship myself.
I detect no evidence of telepathic coercion.
I detect no increase in the stress levels of the surrounding magma.
I detect no lifeforms aboard, sir.
I detect no reduction in the life form's rate of energy consumption.
I detect no shields, no weapons of any known design.
I detect no unusual readings along standard parameters.
I detect no vessels in the vicinity.
I detect two life forms inside the house.
I detest hypocrisy.
I detest long goodbyes.
I detonate it.
I did a little investigating, and I located their homeworld.
I did a paper on eco-regeneration.
I did all of them.
I did all the calculations myself.
I did an autopsy on Doctor Reyga.
I did do that, didn't I?
I did everything I could not to laugh.
I did get a little attached to that lady in the holodeck.
I did it again.
I did it because I wanted to.
I did it for nothing.
I did last time.
I did miss something.
I did my best.
I did my senior honours thesis on solar dynamics.
I did no such thing.
I did not agree to allow others into this meeting.
I did not anticipate such a passionate response to my arrival.
I did not anticipate your arrival until nineteen hundred hours.
I did not anticipate your objections.
I did not become a warrior.
I did not come for him.
I did not come this far to be cheated.
I did not encounter him until much later in his life.
I did not faint.
I did not go with her.
I did not have a chance to apologise for my actions.
I did not have enough buoyancy to get back to the surface.
I did not intend to see him again.
I did not know there were Klingons serving on human Starfleet vessels.
I did not mean now.
I did not play with toys.
I did not realise how much a part until now.
I did not realize the effect was so distracting.
I did not ruin anything.
I did not say that he is.
I did not see what she was.
I did not tell him that.
I did not think it would be possible to find the sisters.
I did not think the Federation had such iron.
I did not understand.
I did not want to battle our brothers.
I did not wish it to discourage her.
I did not wish to follow Gowron.
I did nothing.
I did some research.
I did tell you.
I did too.
I did use it correctly, did I not?
I did what I had to do.
I did what I had to!
I did what any good helmsman could have done.
I did what had to be done.
I did, Commander.
I did, but it has reactivated itself and it will not disengage.
I did, sir.
I did?
I didn't actually mean you to get involved.
I didn't ask you about Minos Korva.
I didn't ask you to make love to me.
I didn't beam them up without a plan.
I didn't believe these simulations could be this real.
I didn't come here to give you weapons.
I didn't consider it significant enough to mention here.
I didn't even see it coming.
I didn't even think.
I didn't expect that you would, Beverly.
I didn't expect to find anyone up except Data.
I didn't expect to meet you here.
I didn't expect you to say that.
I didn't feel a thing.
I didn't find anything wrong with her, either.
I didn't follow orders.
I didn't get Picard.
I didn't get into the Academy.
I didn't have any friends.
I didn't have any warning that something would go wrong, sir.
I didn't have anyone to talk to.
I didn't have time to complete the shut-down procedure.
I didn't have time to wait for the drug to work naturally.
I didn't have to.
I didn't just see it.
I didn't just stroll on, dear.
I didn't kill anybody.
I didn't kill him.
I didn't kill just one Husnock, or a hundred, or a thousand.
I didn't kill that man!
I didn't kill your son, Beverly.
I didn't know Barclay played the violin.
I didn't know how I would react.
I didn't know how you'd feel about it.
I didn't know if it would work, but I had to try.
I didn't know it was possible for a human and a Klingon to produce a child.
I didn't know much about him, but he was some kind of subspace theoretician.
I didn't know that was necessary.
I didn't know that was possible!
I didn't know that would happen.
I didn't know what else to do.
I didn't know what nutrients she wanted to send with the bacilli.
I didn't know what to do.
I didn't know when to tell them we will be there.
I didn't know you could do that.
I didn't know you even came in here.
I didn't know you felt that way.
I didn't know you played chess.
I didn't know you were alive.
I didn't know you were an enthnobotanist.
I didn't know you were interested in plant biology.
I didn't know you'd ever been to Kostolain.
I didn't know.
I didn't leave the ship without authorisation, Captain.
I didn't lie.
I didn't like the sound of that, Captain.
I didn't listen.
I didn't mean it that way.
I didn't mean it.
I didn't mean right now.
I didn't mean to come on so strong.
I didn't mean to do it.
I didn't mean to embarrass you.
I didn't mean to hit you.
I didn't mean to snap at you.
I didn't mean to startle you.
I didn't need it, I didn't want it.
I didn't need to hear about it from some seventeen year old kid.
I didn't proposition her and I certainly didn't try to rape her.
I didn't quite catch that.
I didn't realise she would be so young.
I didn't realise that.
I didn't realise you had company.
I didn't realise.
I didn't say I was giving up.
I didn't say anything about being thirsty.
I didn't say anything.
I didn't say that you were.
I didn't say that, did I?
I didn't say war, Commander, I said incursion.
I didn't say we could increase speed to warp nine point one, sir.
I didn't see any gaps.
I didn't see any more than that.
I didn't see anything that suggested they wanted to assimilate anybody.
I didn't see it until today.
I didn't see your friend.
I didn't speak to you for months.
I didn't think anyone could move that fast.
I didn't think anyone would be here.
I didn't think he would have survived the injuries.
I didn't think it was important.
I didn't think it was my responsibility alone.
I didn't think so.
I didn't think that would be appropriate.
I didn't think the Pakleds had that kind of technology.
I didn't think there was anything wrong with her seeing the file.
I didn't think this was going to happen.
I didn't think you'd be able to do it.
I didn't understand he wasn't coming back.
I didn't understand that kind of hostility even when I studied Earth history.
I didn't understand your ways until she explained them to me and rejected me.
I didn't want anything to happen to you.
I didn't want that, you did.
I didn't want there to be any chance of a misunderstanding.
I didn't want this to end in bloodshed.
I didn't want to admit that it was over.
I didn't want to bring you with us.
I didn't want to disappoint you or Captain Picard or my friends.
I didn't want to do it.
I didn't want to frighten you.
I didn't want to go, but Isabella wanted to see it.
I didn't want to leave without saying good-bye.
I didn't want to leave without saying goodbye.
I didn't want to think or feel.
I didn't want to wait for anything.
I didn't want you involved in this.
I didn't want you thinking me harsh.
I didn't want you to leave me.
I didn't want you to make you nervous or excited.
I didn't want your pity.
I didn't welcome you aboard personally, professionally.
I disagree, Commander.
I disagree, Number One.
I disappear for days at a time exploring the countryside.
I discovered long ago that she has a special wisdom.
I discovered that warrior's blood runs in my veins.
I distracted you.
I do apologise for all the turmoil I've created.
I do believe you.
I do dare.
I do everything else.
I do have a few years left in me yet.
I do have a functional respiration system.
I do have an off button, if you will.
I do have one request, sir.
I do have one request.
I do hear the cry of the warrior.
I do hope it doesn't fall out from under you.
I do indeed concur wholeheartedly!
I do it now.
I do it to help my crew, not outmanoeuvre them.
I do it to survive, not because I enjoy it.
I do it.
I do know something about how Klingon children behave.
I do know why you ended up on the Enterprise.
I do love you!
I do not accept that decision.
I do not anticipate any problems.
I do not apologise for it.
I do not authorise this attack.
I do not believe I am being helped by this session.
I do not believe I am qualified to express an opinion.
I do not believe I can provide much insight at this minute.
I do not believe I know Mister Whitley.
I do not believe a tachyon beam was ever used in such a way.
I do not believe any human can truly understand my dishonour.
I do not believe any of these items belong to you, Professor.
I do not believe he can comprehend our language.
I do not believe he is bluffing.
I do not believe it could withstand an attack from the mercenary ship.
I do not believe she killed him.
I do not believe that is a prudent choice, sir.
I do not believe that is correct.
I do not believe that is so.
I do not believe that this being is native to our time continuum.
I do not believe that will be necessary, Captain.
I do not believe that you would have resorted to such extremes.
I do not believe the Commander is acting of his own accord.
I do not believe the shield will ever work.
I do not believe them.
I do not believe there is any way we can know for certain, Counsellor.
I do not believe there is anything you can do to prevent it.
I do not believe this is appropriate behaviour!
I do not believe this is appropriate behaviour.
I do not believe this.
I do not believe we should leave them here, sir.
I do not care for telepaths.
I do not care what they think.
I do not cry.
I do not deserve it.
I do not enjoy riddles, Counsellor.
I do not enjoy these diplomatic situations.
I do not entirely understand, sir.
I do not expect Captain Riker will present much of a challenge.
I do not expect you to understand.
I do not fear you any longer.
I do not feel pleasure, or passion.
I do not feel pleasure.
I do not feel well.
I do not find such a file in your son's journals.
I do not find that concept particularly appealing.
I do not fire on defenceless people.
I do not give it away.
I do not grow.
I do not have a designation.
I do not have a distinct memory of it.
I do not have a rational explanation for them.
I do not have access to the containment field.
I do not have enough information.
I do not have sufficient information to make an analysis as yet, Commander.
I do not have the words for my gratitude nor my sorrow at leaving you.
I do not have those answers.
I do not hear anything.
I do not hear you.
I do not intend to explain myself to you.
I do not intend to sit in the chair.
I do not know how or why, but we have forgotten ourselves.
I do not know how to help her.
I do not know my name.
I do not know what I am.
I do not know what that is, sir.
I do not know what to believe.
I do not know what to do.
I do not know what to say to her.
I do not know what you mean.
I do not know what you're talking about.
I do not know why.
I do not know your custom regarding love.
I do not know, Captain.
I do not know, and that is what puzzles me.
I do not know, but Doctor Crusher cannot erase his memory.
I do not laugh because I do not feel like laughing.
I do not lay down in fear, to them or to you, Krola.
I do not like it.
I do not mean to belittle your condition.
I do not need rest or diversion.
I do not need to be cured.
I do not need to be helped.
I do not need your authorisation to attack, Major.
I do not need your permission or your approval for my decisions.
I do not negotiate with criminals.
I do not object, but I do not understand how this has occurred.
I do not perceive your skills to be in doubt, Q.
I do not read any life signs on the surface.
I do not recall making such a statement.
I do not recognise the configuration.
I do not recognise the sound.
I do not recognise your claim on the Enterprise.
I do not recommend that he use the interface again.
I do not recommend weapons at this range, Captain.
I do not remember being in an accident.
I do not remember us, you and I, being mates.
I do not remember you asking me to.
I do not remember.
I do not reproduce.
I do not require one, Tomalak.
I do not require rest.
I do not see how this connects with the disappearance of the Doctor.
I do not see it.
I do not see what I can do to assist.
I do not see why it is necessary to wear these ridiculous uniforms.
I do not serve things evil.
I do not suppose I will ever really know.
I do not think it would be wise to startle her.
I do not think so.
I do not think that's a good idea, Worf.
I do not think there is really a translation.
I do not think we shall meet again.
I do not trust him.
I do not trust them.
I do not trust you.
I do not understand how I could have done what I did.
I do not understand how these new fields have formed.
I do not understand how this could have happened.
I do not understand this.
I do not understand why.
I do not understand, Counsellor.
I do not want to be different.
I do not want to be led around, and I do not want to be patronised.
I do not want to die.
I do not want to fight you, Nikolai.
I do not want to hear about your other romances.
I do not want you to check my systems.
I do not welcome death, Commander.
I do not wish to anger you.
I do not wish to be assimilated.
I do not wish to frighten you.
I do not wish to interrupt Data and the Doctor.
I do not yell.
I do not, for example, possess the ability to experience emotion as humans do.
I do remember the last three years, but they were different.
I do remember you now.
I do sense something unusual.
I do so much travelling.
I do so only because it suits me to.
I do tend to babble.
I do understand, and I am attempting to explain to you it is impossible.
I do use language more formally than Lore.
I do, you know.
I do?
I doesn't matter to me.
I don't acknowledge it, Q.
I don't advise this, Captain.
I don't agree.
I don't allow outsiders into my computer system..
I don't believe I'd be a good first officer for you.
I don't believe I'm familiar with that requirement.
I don't believe he really wants to be a part of our great future.
I don't believe him.
I don't believe it was an accident.
I don't believe that I am a criminal.
I don't believe that for a minute.
I don't believe that for a second.
I don't believe that.
I don't believe there is any diplomatic option, Commander.
I don't believe they're receiving us.
I don't believe this dialogue.
I don't believe you can tolerate the amount of emotion I've given you.
I don't believe you did that.
I don't believe you speak for the majority of the crew.
I don't belong here, sir.
I don't belong on your ship.
I don't bite.
I don't blame you at all.
I don't buy it, Tomalak.
I don't care about being Klingon, I just want to see my father.
I don't care about the customs of Alkar's people.
I don't care about your crewmen.
I don't care how outrageous.
I don't care how smart he is.
I don't care if it's your decision.
I don't care if the Chancellor himself calls down here.
I don't care if there were eighteen or eight hundred.
I don't care if you're my ex-Captain or my ex-husband.
I don't care much for the decor here.
I don't care much for those odds.
I don't care what Isabella wanted to see, you go back to our quarters right now.
I don't care what he's been running.
I don't care what it is you want, Tallera.
I don't care what kind of ship we go in.
I don't care what others have.
I don't care what you believe!
I don't care what you look like you are no Klingon.
I don't care whether you live or die.
I don't carry money.
I don't claim to.
I don't consider myself a traitor, if that's what you're asking.
I don't cry.
I don't dance.
I don't denying that it may be necessary to fire on it.
I don't dislike you, Professor.
I don't doubt that they will react strongly.
I don't enjoy this but I must demonstrate.
I don't envy you this task, but I do believe it is for the greater good.
I don't even know if he's still alive.
I don't even know what it means.
I don't even know what song it is.
I don't even know why I'm here in the first place.
I don't even like you.
I don't even remember what she looked like.
I don't even remember who I am.
I don't even think this has ever been conceived of before.
I don't ever want to be alone again.
I don't expect them to listen to reason.
I don't expect to fight.
I don't fancy the idea of my crew being infected.
I don't feel a day over a hundred and twenty.
I don't feel guilty about anything, Q.
I don't feel he's in any danger.
I don't feel so smart.
I don't find this amusing.
I don't follow orders.
I don't follow you, sir.
I don't get a lot of requests for it.
I don't get to do it often in this job.
I don't give up.
I don't guess you sleep.
I don't have a lot of time.
I don't have a proper name for it.
I don't have a psychology degree, but if you'd like to talk?
I don't have a sword.
I don't have all the answers.
I don't have alternate biographies of the crew.
I don't have an answer for that.
I don't have an answer.
I don't have an explanation, Captain.
I don't have any explanation for this.
I don't have any powers.
I don't have any silly prejudice against computers.
I don't have one yet.
I don't have that kind of money.
I don't have the words.
I don't have those answers.
I don't have time for games, Moriarty.
I don't have time for this.
I don't have time to convince you.
I don't have time to discuss it now, Mister Data.
I don't have to answer your questions.
I don't have to imagine.
I don't have to kill you all.
I don't have what it takes.
I don't imagine war ever feels right.
I don't interfere with what you're teaching her.
I don't just mean your acting ability.
I don't know I feel very weak suddenly.
I don't know any more.
I don't know exactly what happened.
I don't know exactly.
I don't know how Nechayev ever talked you into this.
I don't know how he managed it.
I don't know how it's working, but it's reconfiguring our systems.
I don't know how long anyone could take this kind of anxiety state.
I don't know how much more information you think you can get from that tape.
I don't know how or why, but I'm moving back and forth through time.
I don't know how they could have survived.
I don't know how they met.
I don't know how to describe it, but there's this connection, this bond.
I don't know how to describe it.
I don't know how to help him.
I don't know how we'll handle the next one.
I don't know how you have poisoned him to reject it.
I don't know how, but he's dangerous.
I don't know how, or even why, but down on the planet you gave me something.
I don't know if I can believe that.
I don't know if I can do this, Nick.
I don't know if I can explain why Starfleet means so much to me.
I don't know if I can put this in terms you'll understand.
I don't know if I should pour you one, Dix.
I don't know if I should.
I don't know if I want to do that.
I don't know if I'll ever get used to that.
I don't know if he's alive or dead.
I don't know if it was enough.
I don't know if she'll have time for you, Wes.
I don't know if they'll let me do that, Jean-Luc, but I will ask.
I don't know if we can stop the ship.
I don't know if we should.
I don't know if you're aware of this, but you're very handsome.
I don't know it well enough to like or dislike it.
I don't know it.
I don't know just yet.
I don't know much about affairs of state, but he is a living, intelligent being.
I don't know of anyone who bears malice toward my race.
I don't know that I have.
I don't know that I want to put myself in that position again.
I don't know that he has.
I don't know that word.
I don't know these people.
I don't know what I'm doing wrong.
I don't know what Nikolai said to you but, please, forgive him.
I don't know what could have happened to it.
I don't know what else to do with it.
I don't know what got into me.
I don't know what has got into you lately, and frankly right now I don't care.
I don't know what it is, but something sure has changed around here.
I don't know what it is, exactly, but I would be real careful.
I don't know what made me go see him.
I don't know what might happen but if you don't let me go, we fail our mission.
I don't know what that means, but it means something.
I don't know what that's all about.
I don't know what the devil you're talking about.
I don't know what they did to him.
I don't know what they'd have done without me.
I don't know what to make of this.
I don't know what to say, sir, but he must have had his reasons.
I don't know what to think.
I don't know what we can do to help him.
I don't know what you did, sir, but it looks like everything's back to normal.
I don't know what's gotten into you, Wes.
I don't know what's wrong with me.
I don't know what, I can't point out a reason yet.
I don't know when I'll be back.
I don't know when he opens.
I don't know where they came from.
I don't know who any of you are.
I don't know who did this to you, or why, but it can change.
I don't know who that woman was, but she was definitely not his mother.
I don't know who you are any more, but you're not my friend.
I don't know who you are.
I don't know why I keep falling for the wrong man.
I don't know why Lieutenant Worf wasn't told about Doctor Quaice.
I don't know why he'd try something like that.
I don't know why we have to do this every year.
I don't know why we're going to this pulsar.
I don't know why, but I'm not supposed to look at these things.
I don't know why.
I don't know yet.
I don't know your people.
I don't know, Captain.
I don't know, Deanna.
I don't know, Geordi, but I'm going to find out.
I don't know, Number One, but she needs our help to get back.
I don't know, Wes, but looking at it.
I don't know, but I do recognise that junction they're working on.
I don't know, but it's intense.
I don't know, but something terrible happened in there.
I don't know, but they looked dangerous.
I don't know, but this feels wrong somehow.
I don't know, but we have to find a way.
I don't know, but we're looking for a systemic explanation and there isn't one.
I don't know, just do it.
I don't know.
I don't like Easterners, personally.
I don't like fudge.
I don't like good-byes.
I don't like goodbyes.
I don't like it I would've expected a greeting party.
I don't like losing a patient any more than you do.
I don't like making excuses for you.
I don't like operating in the dark.
I don't like that name.
I don't like the idea of getting close enough to that barge to tow it.
I don't like the sound of this, mother.
I don't like the sound of this.
I don't like the thought of having to second-guess people all the time.
I don't like this place.
I don't like what I see.
I don't like what we have become.
I don't like you.
I don't look as attractive to you as I did last night?
I don't make friends easily.
I don't mean just with the shuttle, I mean everything.
I don't mean to be indelicate, but who's the father?
I don't mean we're ready for the grave.
I don't mind dying for them.
I don't mind telling you I'm surprised.
I don't need a break.
I don't need a consensus to run this ship, Galen.
I don't need a counsellor.
I don't need a scientific basis.
I don't need rest.
I don't need that from him.
I don't need to convince them.
I don't need to keep him here but I will need to see him again tomorrow.
I don't need to see the records.
I don't need you telling me how to behave.
I don't need your devotion, Commander.
I don't need your fantasy women.
I don't need your help.
I don't owe you an explanation.
I don't own the Enterprise, I command her.
I don't plan on being commemorated before my time.
I don't quite understand.
I don't really believe I will be dying.
I don't really think it's really a secret.
I don't recall hearing of a Federation officer serving ever on a Klingon vessel.
I don't recall saying I was embarrassed.
I don't remember anyone like that.
I don't remember anything about that.
I don't remember anything about them.
I don't remember anything happening.
I don't remember exactly what happened to me after I was attacked.
I don't remember it that way.
I don't remember seeing these during my empathic experience.
I don't remember the melody, just the sound of her voice.
I don't remember the name of it.
I don't remember these toys.
I don't remember you ever calling the Bridge before.
I don't remember you smiling when I knocked over that lamp.
I don't remember you.
I don't remember, sir.
I don't run away when things get tough, like some people.
I don't see a hive.
I don't see a thing wrong.
I don't see any alternative, do you?
I don't see any material in here that could handle that much current.
I don't see any particles coming from the pendant.
I don't see any points on your ears, boy, but you sound like a Vulcan.
I don't see any problem.
I don't see anybody.
I don't see anything in common.
I don't see anything that might cause hallucinations or a psychogenic reaction.
I don't see anything wrong with his arm.
I don't see anything wrong with you at all.
I don't see anything.
I don't see how that could be possible.
I don't see how you could know for sure what it is.
I don't see it.
I don't see that as a problem.
I don't see that those would be any more effective.
I don't see that we have any choice.
I don't see that we have much of a choice.
I don't see that you have to lose anything just by adding a convenience.
I don't see the connection.
I don't see what else you could have done.
I don't see why not, but it will have to be a complete shutdown.
I don't see why not.
I don't see why we couldn't just practice in my quarters.
I don't see why.
I don't see your problem.
I don't seem to be dealing with him very well.
I don't seem to be much help without my empathic abilities.
I don't sense anything.
I don't sense them well enough.
I don't show a location.
I don't simply love her, Captain.
I don't smell anything.
I don't stay anywhere long enough to make friends.
I don't suppose I could talk you out of it?
I don't suppose so.
I don't suppose that would work with people?
I don't suppose we'll be able to find another way to get back up there.
I don't suppose you can give me any indication why this man wants you?
I don't suppose you ever heard of Professor Samuel Estragon?
I don't suppose you have.
I don't suppose you remember an alien from Tau Alpha C who was on board once?
I don't suppose you'd be foolish enough to hide it here.
I don't suppose your food terminals would be capable of producing a Romulan ale?
I don't take it.
I don't take orders from you.
I don't think Bhavani could object to that.
I don't think Ensign Sito's prepared for the Ops position.
I don't think Gosheven likes the idea of machines ordering him around.
I don't think I can do anything, Captain.
I don't think I could deal with that.
I don't think I could get used to that.
I don't think I ever told you how much I appreciate.
I don't think I ever.
I don't think I got yours?
I don't think I like it very much, little one.
I don't think I like this sport.
I don't think I realised how much I needed to hear that.
I don't think I told you, but I'm glad you're back on the Enterprise.
I don't think I understand.
I don't think I want to talk about what I think you mean.
I don't think I'd recommend that right now.
I don't think I'm cut out to be Captain.
I don't think I'm going, Doctor.
I don't think I'm ready to start believing in luck.
I don't think I've been very much help, Data.
I don't think I've seen you before.
I don't think Jeremy's ready to accept Worf right now.
I don't think Klingons regard scientists very highly.
I don't think Orton's in a talking mood, Will.
I don't think any of us can rest easy until we've been to the source.
I don't think anybody ever is.
I don't think anyone has ever.
I don't think anyone's going to come to your defence this time.
I don't think everybody would appreciate your imagination like I do.
I don't think he did this.
I don't think he wants either of us to talk to him right now.
I don't think he was too concerned with security.
I don't think he would be interested in dealing with Federation spies.
I don't think it has a range.
I don't think it knows we're here.
I don't think it's anyone we've run into before.
I don't think it's going to be possible to keep this holodeck simulation stable.
I don't think it's going to help you struggling against it.
I don't think it's necessary to detain this gentleman any longer.
I don't think it's possible for Susanna to transmit it.
I don't think it's possible to reason with them.
I don't think it's such a good idea to try that again.
I don't think it's too much to ask for you to do the same.
I don't think it's unreasonable that I should prefer to make another choice.
I don't think it's up to me.
I don't think our chances are as hopeless as he says.
I don't think so, Captain.
I don't think so, Commander.
I don't think so, Counsellor.
I don't think so, Lieutenant.
I don't think so, Mister Data.
I don't think so, either.
I don't think that I would be a good first officer for you.
I don't think that has anything to do with anything.
I don't think that he has ever recovered from that day.
I don't think that will be necessary.
I don't think that's a little harsh.
I don't think that's likely, sir.
I don't think that's the case here.
I don't think that's wise.
I don't think the Ferengi are the greatest threat at the table.
I don't think the holodeck's going to last that long.
I don't think the rest of the crew does either.
I don't think there is.
I don't think there will be time to search our records.
I don't think there'll be any trouble.
I don't think there's any possibility of developing sites in this region.
I don't think there's any reason to risk anyone else.
I don't think there's any shame in someone being injured.
I don't think there's anything to worry about.
I don't think there's going to be room for both of us.
I don't think there's need for more.
I don't think they intended us to die, Martin.
I don't think they wanted to catch up.
I don't think they're going to make it.
I don't think this is a random occurrence.
I don't think this is a wise idea.
I don't think this is for you.
I don't think we can get any more than that.
I don't think we can look at space travel the same way anymore.
I don't think we can start second guessing ourselves.
I don't think we can stay here too long.
I don't think we could have gotten it any cleaner.
I don't think we need the preamble.
I don't think we'll be hearing from them for a while.
I don't think we'll need you until we're ready for inspection.
I don't think we're going to make it.
I don't think we're going to pull this one out.
I don't think we're interested.
I don't think we've got one that would come close.
I don't think you are aware of your situation, or of how much time has passed.
I don't think you can delay this meeting again.
I don't think you folks belong on this train.
I don't think you have anything to worry about.
I don't think you mean that.
I don't think you need an empath to sense that woman's feelings.
I don't think you understand.
I don't think you'll have any trouble finding one.
I don't think you're a particularly good Captain.
I don't think you're going to have the chance.
I don't think you're looking at the big picture, Jean-Luc.
I don't think you've been listening to me.
I don't think you've met our host.
I don't trust him.
I don't trust that man.
I don't trust you, Galen.
I don't trust you, Q.
I don't understand either, but this is real.
I don't understand how you can be so mistaken.
I don't understand it, Captain.
I don't understand replicative fading.
I don't understand the question.
I don't understand their humour either.
I don't understand what relevance that has.
I don't understand what you want!
I don't understand what you're trying to say.
I don't understand where I went wrong.
I don't understand why isn't this working.
I don't understand why it's bigger in the past.
I don't understand you.
I don't understand your concern, Number One.
I don't understand, Commander.
I don't understand, Data.
I don't understand, Doctor.
I don't understand, Father.
I don't understand, Mom.
I don't usually see them in such good condition.
I don't usually wait for anyone.
I don't want a computer science lesson, Data.
I don't want any distractions.
I don't want any incidents.
I don't want any trouble here, Barclay.
I don't want anyone else going in alone.
I don't want anyone else near it.
I don't want anything, Captain, but I will offer to help you.
I don't want excuses, Number One.
I don't want her help!
I don't want her to find me again.
I don't want him making this situation worse than it is.
I don't want him taking any hostages.
I don't want it dark, I want it cozy.
I don't want my own inadequacies to jeopardise the completion of this work.
I don't want the rest of you involved.
I don't want the same thing to happen to you and me.
I don't want them disrupting this conference.
I don't want them knowing I'm taking any medication.
I don't want them to feel like prisoners.
I don't want there to be any bloodshed because of my decision.
I don't want those deaths on my conscience.
I don't want to agree.
I don't want to anthropomorphise anything.
I don't want to be alone.
I don't want to be an officer any more.
I don't want to be ashamed of my heritage any longer, Captain.
I don't want to be at the mercy of these hallucinations any more.
I don't want to be here any more than you want me to be here, sir.
I don't want to be in the transporter room to greet her.
I don't want to be rescued.
I don't want to be rude, Captain, but we don't wish to interact with outsiders.
I don't want to die, but if I have to, I'd like to do it with a little pride.
I don't want to disrupt your recreation.
I don't want to divert his attention from the mission.
I don't want to do a half way job.
I don't want to do this any more.
I don't want to embarrass you.
I don't want to face him at all.
I don't want to feel that good right now.
I don't want to go anywhere.
I don't want to go through it again.
I don't want to have to deal with it.
I don't want to heal.
I don't want to hear any more of this.
I don't want to hear it.
I don't want to hear that, Commander.
I don't want to hurt anyone.
I don't want to intrude.
I don't want to kill you, Data.
I don't want to know either.
I don't want to leave the Enterprise.
I don't want to let go of it.
I don't want to look at him.
I don't want to lose the last one.
I don't want to lose you.
I don't want to miss anything.
I don't want to offer you any false hopes.
I don't want to order you.
I don't want to overload the engines.
I don't want to risk another dose of tricordrazine unless I have to.
I don't want to risk any further contaminations.
I don't want to risk hitting the offspring by accident.
I don't want to risk implicating them.
I don't want to see Doctor Selar.
I don't want to see this again.
I don't want to see you in that uniform.
I don't want to sit and wait for death to sneak up behind me.
I don't want to sleep.
I don't want to take any chances.
I don't want to take any unnecessary chances.
I don't want to talk about it.
I don't want to use you as other men do.
I don't want to waste a moment more.
I don't want you to do anything that makes you uncomfortable.
I don't want you to fear me.
I don't want you to get involved in this.
I don't want your command.
I don't want your help, your advice, your favours or for that matter, you.
I don't wish to listen to either of you.
I doubt I can take credit for that.
I doubt Robin Hood himself could have done much better.
I doubt if anything ever meets with that woman's approval, sir.
I doubt if that will be any comfort his family.
I doubt if they were there for the climate.
I doubt if they'll agree to that.
I doubt it's anything you'd be interested in.
I doubt it, sir.
I doubt our objectives are compatible.
I doubt that he'll do that.
I doubt that statement is entirely accurate either, sir.
I doubt that they expect us to abide by their value systems.
I doubt that you are.
I doubt that.
I doubt the warp bubble could alter computer records, or erase memories.
I doubt there are many oak trees on Tagus.
I doubt they contain any information that your sensors overlooked.
I doubt they have one.
I doubt they see of you as an amateur.
I doubt you have the means.
I dreamt Marc was with me, celebrating.
I dunno.
I encountered a minor difficulty, Counsellor, but it has been dealt with.
I encountered him once in the Terlina system.
I enjoy a challenge.
I enjoy it?
I enjoy the bachelor's life too much.
I enjoyed our talk.
I enjoyed our trip together, sir.
I entirely agree.
I entreat you to carefully obey the rules of the game.
I envy you, Mister Riker.
I envy your reflexes, Captain.
I envy your strength of will.
I estimate her shields will fail in approximately twelve hours.
I estimate it would take two people nine hours to complete the same tasks.
I estimate the planet's atmosphere will be completely gone within three minutes.
I estimate two minutes to a warp core breach!
I estimate we have less than two hours before there is nothing left of the ship.
I even consider you a friend.
I even created a response programme to answer your questions.
I even ran an enhancement for micro-seismic disturbances.
I even thought we'd meet on Risa like we planned.
I expect him returned.
I expect him to be turned over to my authority immediately.
I expect more from you.
I expect to be paid for my information.
I expect you to always come charging to my rescue.
I expect you to have it fully manned and ready when it does.
I expect you to honour that, Captain.
I expect you to leave peacefully.
I expect you want me to relinquish my hold on your vessel.
I expected as much.
I expected more from you than an idle threat, Picard.
I expected my tenants to take better care of my property.
I expected nothing.
I expected such treachery.
I expected they would be pleased.
I expected to die like all the others.
I expected to make new friends.
I explained my motives to your interrogators.
I explained to him that we are looking for a man who impregnated your sister.
I exposed you to all sorts of mixed messages when you were that age.
I fail to recall how I arrived here.
I fail to see the relevance, Doctor.
I fail to see where this analysis is leading.
I fail to understand the value you place on my presence.
I fail to understand why this is amusing.
I fail to understand why.
I failed organic chemistry because of AF.
I failed you and I failed the Enterprise.
I failed, Captain.
I fall asleep each night with an old book in my hands.
I fear I have yet to master the art of hoverball.
I fear that will not be enough.
I feel I know him better than I've known anyone in my life.
I feel I must inform you, sir, you have also been infected by the intron virus.
I feel I must postpone action until we learn more.
I feel as if I were being watched.
I feel awful.
I feel better already just talking to you.
I feel better today than I have in ages.
I feel completely out of control.
I feel dizzy.
I feel empty.
I feel fear.
I feel fine, now.
I feel great.
I feel his pull.
I feel honoured.
I feel if I stay still much longer I will die!
I feel it necessary to check them again.
I feel it necessary to have Commander Riker go back with you.
I feel it too, but don't you worry.
I feel like I'm actually here.
I feel like I'm coming out of a long tunnel.
I feel like a kid again.
I feel like an actor.
I feel mainly friendship, and happiness.
I feel much better.
I feel no disorientation.
I feel nothing at all.
I feel pity for you.
I feel someone else.
I feel sorry for her.
I feel strange, but also good.
I feel strong enough to fly.
I feel such an abundance of well being on the ship.
I feel terrible.
I feel that I have given you so little and you have given me so much.
I feel the same about being here.
I feel the same way.
I feel there is only one negotiator with the skills to resolve the situation.
I feel there's something different about these two people.
I feel too good for that.
I feel your concern, Captain, but I don't share it.
I feel your confidence, your arrogant resolve.
I feel.
I fell asleep.
I fell down a shaft.
I fell in love in a day, it lasted a week.
I fell in love in there once.
I fell off the ramp.
I felt I had betrayed him.
I felt I was acting in the best interests of our people, Chancellor.
I felt a hypospray.
I felt completely free with him.
I felt her die.
I felt it was necessary.
I felt it was worth the risk.
I felt like I had a chance to say goodbye.
I felt like I had to battle him to hold my own.
I felt like I was disconnected.
I felt like I was exploring a whole new side of myself.
I felt like I was rushing through the whole piece.
I felt like a piece of luggage after a while.
I felt no collision.
I felt pain.
I felt something during the concert.
I felt something.
I felt the same way when I left my family to go to the Academy.
I felt threatened by them.
I felt threatened.
I felt trapped by the console.
I felt two levels.
I felt weak.
I fight for the vaccine, That's the truth.
I figured I'd get him back.
I figured out Worf's problem.
I figured that it was just superstition passed on to children.
I figured the hard part was over.
I find I am having difficulty deciding what kind of service to have.
I find Lieutenant Worf to be what is called a kindred spirit.
I find her exotic.
I find her to be a competent officer.
I find him very reasonable.
I find it disturbing that you would try to foster suspicions among us.
I find it extremely difficult to predict what you will find acceptable.
I find it hard to believe that that's a coincidence.
I find it hard to believe that you are doing this for the benefit of my soul.
I find it hard to believe that you're here to do us a favour.
I find it most intriguing.
I find it odd that any Q could die in an accident.
I find it rather comforting.
I find it stimulating.
I find myself attracted to Stanislavsky, Adler, Garnav.
I find myself having grave concerns about our mission.
I find myself in complete agreement with that assessment of the situation, sir.
I find myself intrigued by your subvocal oscillations.
I find myself wondering what you look like.
I find no cause to invalidate the contract at this time.
I find no honour in this whatsoever, Captain.
I find no shame in my efforts to uncover your plot.
I find some of what you propose intriguing.
I find that almost impossible to believe.
I find that fascinating.
I find that interesting.
I find that it helps me think, but the real surprise is I enjoy it so much.
I find the concept to be highly innovative.
I find the constraints a bit difficult to conform to.
I find this very interesting.
I find you attractive.
I find you to be a capable Starfleet officer.
I find you unavailable.
I find your question distasteful.
I finished the personnel review that we were working on.
I fold as well.
I followed their entry almost all the way in.
I followed your advice, Counsellor.
I for one believe the raid on the Federation outpost was poor judgment.
I for one want to keep him friendly.
I for one would feel more comfortable if someone else flew the shuttle.
I forbade him to go.
I forbid it.
I forgive your blasphemy.
I forgot that after the funeral I told them to take it all away.
I forgot what a handsome guy I am.
I formally refuse to undergo your procedure.
I formally request asylum.
I fought back.
I found Spot wandering through the corridor two sections away.
I found Voval, the shuttle pilot, he's still alive.
I found a home with Jessel Howard.
I found a letter Rocha was planning to send to Starfleet Command about me.
I found an old yearbook photo and he remembered you right away.
I found evidence of bitrium on the last three attack sites.
I found her on Titus Four.
I found him on deck seven.
I found him to be a very concerned leader and a good spokesman for his people.
I found it extremely interesting.
I found it, sir, two light years away.
I found it.
I found no anomalous readings.
I found no physiological abnormalities.
I found several cases resembling our condition in the medical index.
I found some coltayin roots.
I found something that I think you should see.
I found something.
I found that a touch of grey adds an air of distinction.
I found the Academy examinations quite elementary.
I found the Head Surveyor, I found the cavern.
I found the Starfleet estimates for the MTBF units to be unrealistic.
I found the disc in her room.
I found the message you sent to the Enterprise.
I found the same pattern.
I found this in Josh's room.
I found this in the Jefferies Tube.
I found this in the school room.
I found this.
I gather you were hurt.
I gather you were unsuccessful.
I gathered that.
I gave Karnas the weapons he wanted.
I gave Susanna a bioscan, too.
I gave exactly the same weapons to his rivals.
I gave him a complete bioscan.
I gave them one.
I gave them their purpose.
I gave you a chance when there were upperclassmen waiting in line.
I gave you a direct order, Mister Data.
I gave you an order, Lieutenant.
I gave you something most mortals never experience.
I gave you that.
I gave you the ability to choose whatever you wanted.
I get a great deal of satisfaction out of my work.
I get a sense of ambiguity from her.
I get it.
I get no further response from the vessel.
I get no sense that he's lying.
I get no thoughts from him at all.
I get so tired of people coming in with their problems.
I get some hot chocolate.
I get sort of dizzy.
I get the feeling from your mother that you have something to tell me.
I get the feeling your friend doesn't like me.
I get the idea.
I get to the top of the hill all right, but then the house is slanted.
I give up.
I give you back that which was wrongfully taken from you.
I give you my word as a Daughter of the Fifth House of Betazed.
I give you my word as a warrior.
I give you my word of honour that the Ambassador is in perfect health.
I give you one last chance to accept our way of life.
I give you your life, Doctor.
I go home each night to a loving wife, two beautiful daughters.
I go to any lengths to get your attention.
I going to run a full bioscan.
I got a feeling about you, boy.
I got a little dizzy for a second.
I got a message you wanted to see me?
I got a ninety one Caddy with only eighty thousand miles on it.
I got blown up in a tunnel.
I got caught in a rockslide.
I got confused with the phrasing again.
I got distracted at a crucial moment.
I got enough for both of us, Annie, but I had to test it on myself first.
I got friends on Camor Five that will make it worth your while.
I got here as quickly as I could, Proconsul.
I got here as quickly as I could.
I got it, Data.
I got it.
I got out with the last of the colonists.
I got stopped in the corridor twice.
I got the best stool in the house saved for you.
I got this headache long before I even knew my old ship still existed.
I got tired of hearing how young I looked.
I got to know him very, very well.
I got to wear trousers the whole time.
I got two tickets for the dance tomorrow night.
I got you on this team.
I got you something at the bakery on Third.
I grabbed your sword to prevent you from being killed.
I greet you.
I grew up in the Bajoran camps.
I guarantee it will be taken care of.
I guarantee that they don't want to talk to you, Captain.
I guess I am a little nervous.
I guess I asked for this.
I guess I came here with my own set of preconceptions about you.
I guess I can wait a little longer.
I guess I can't blame you.
I guess I find him intriguing.
I guess I have.
I guess I haven't had a lot of respect for myself lately.
I guess I just don't understand.
I guess I lack that conservative streak most scientists have.
I guess I really wasn't paying attention.
I guess I want to scare myself.
I guess I was feeling a little exposed.
I guess I went a little overboard.
I guess I would.
I guess I'd better get going.
I guess I'd better pack an extra pair of boots.
I guess I'd make a pretty lousy Romulan, huh?
I guess I'd start looking for a new career.
I guess I'll be going to Starbase two twelve for re assignment.
I guess I'll be going.
I guess I'm just used to having the Captain's ear.
I guess I'm lucky to be alive at all.
I guess I'm not making any sense, am I?
I guess I'm not surprised to hear that.
I guess I'm starting to feel like I know her.
I guess I'm touchy these days.
I guess a frontal assault is unwarranted.
I guess after five hundred years, that's not likely to work either.
I guess all we can do now is wait and see if the Yorktown finds anything.
I guess he figured I need more practice than you do.
I guess he's right.
I guess it caught me off guard.
I guess it noticed what we're doing.
I guess it's a good thing the exocomp malfunctioned.
I guess it's been a while since you've had to punch a clock.
I guess it's better to be lucky than good.
I guess it's caught on.
I guess leaving's gotten easy for you.
I guess not.
I guess some things aren't going to change.
I guess that explains you.
I guess that means they enjoyed themselves.
I guess that's true.
I guess the Captain and I overdid it a little last night.
I guess the interface is what protected me.
I guess the issue is whether Mister Barclay is Enterprise material.
I guess the question is now, where do we go from here?
I guess the trip Pacifica will have to wait.
I guess the truth is that I was afraid of disappointing myself.
I guess there's a connection between the warp engines and the sensors after all.
I guess there's only one thing we can do.
I guess there's some things even Solok can't do.
I guess these are my quarters, but I don't remember anything.
I guess they got our message.
I guess they've gone away.
I guess things don't always work out the way you expect them to.
I guess this mission has brought up some old ghosts for me.
I guess we have no choice but to risk it.
I guess we really are different.
I guess we'll have to do this some other time.
I guess we'll have to take that chance.
I guess we'll just have to have a little picnic before our mud bath.
I guess we're fortunate you had any at all, sir.
I guess we've piqued their interest now.
I guess what I really want to know is, do you have any feelings for me?
I guess words don't mean very much.
I guess you could call it mortal terror.
I guess you know a lot has happened here.
I guess you weren't that persuasive.
I guess you would have preferred Commander Riker as a travelling companion.
I guess you're surprised to see me, Doctor.
I guess, I'll be the one to send your regrets.
I guess, right now, I'm comfortable with our relationship just the way it is.
I guess, whatever you usually do.
I guess.
I had a Betazoid kitten once.
I had a chance to gain some experience recently.
I had a father, but he was like a father who understood me.
I had a feeling you weren't going to listen to me.
I had a long talk with Professor Galen last night.
I had a lot of time on my hands when I was down on that station.
I had a premonition Geordi was going to come in to Sickbay.
I had a similar response, but to a pair of scissors.
I had a son, too.
I had a very strange visit from one of your officers today.
I had a wife, and children, and a grandchild.
I had already devoted five years of my life to tracking down the Uthat.
I had another idea that might help boost the power conversion levels.
I had assumed that my senior Bridge officers would be attending.
I had been healed.
I had convinced myself that Jason didn't want me to reach out to him.
I had cosmetic surgery to correct a genetic birth defect.
I had envisioned you defining the crew.
I had every right, Captain.
I had given serious thought to attending.
I had hoped it might not be necessary.
I had hoped to find that out from you.
I had hoped you would not throw away a promising career.
I had it on the wrong setting.
I had it programmed into the replicators.
I had it removed from Lore's body before he was dismantled.
I had no alternative.
I had no choice but to come to you.
I had no choice but to learn about that thing from her.
I had no doubts, no fears, but what it was I loved?
I had no idea I could feel this way.
I had no idea it had gone so far beyond Vandor.
I had no idea it was going to be so easy.
I had no idea it was such a ritual.
I had no idea it would hit me this hard.
I had no idea that you were so ruthless.
I had no idea that you'd even met him.
I had no idea what to expect from him.
I had no idea you were a member of the Archaeology Council.
I had no idea you were already using this on humanoids.
I had no idea you were on the Enterprise.
I had no idea you were so versed in the intricacies of temporal theory, sir.
I had no magic.
I had not been informed that Council Members had been granted bridge clearance.
I had not considered that.
I had nothing to do with it.
I had nothing to do with that.
I had one of my assistants do that.
I had one of those named after me once.
I had one piece of jewelry, a metal pin.
I had some ideas late last night.
I had such high hopes for you, Picard.
I had the distinct impression of in the presence of a flim-flam artist.
I had the dream again.
I had the thought that if we could talk we could figure a way out of this mess.
I had the utmost respect for her.
I had the very same tour.
I had them beamed aboard.
I had these terrible urges, and that is why I reached out to you.
I had this every morning when I was growing up.
I had this feeling I had physically left the Enterprise.
I had to accept it.
I had to be near you.
I had to be the best because only the best get to be here.
I had to be.
I had to come in here posing as a health official.
I had to defend myself.
I had to do everything by myself.
I had to do it, Troi.
I had to do something.
I had to force it out of the equipment bay.
I had to get everyone's attention.
I had to get it back.
I had to get out of there.
I had to help.
I had to make sure you were all right.
I had to make sure you weren't here to fuel their struggle.
I had to pull in quite a few favours at Starfleet just to get a look at it.
I had to see you.
I had to set it myself.
I had to try a different treatment.
I had to.
I had you in my collection once.
I had you.
I had, I was going to do that.
I had, sir.
I hadn't finished yet.
I hadn't noticed.
I hadn't planned it.
I hadn't thought of it like that.
I hadn't thought of it that way.
I hadn't thought of that.
I half expect to see myself as a boy come running out that door to play.
I happen to be a good pilot, too.
I happen to be a reasonably qualified pilot, Number One.
I happen to know better.
I happen to like poker.
I happened to be in the neighbourhood last summer.
I hardly even know you, Data, but already I completely trust you.
I hardly ever recall dreams.
I hardly know anything about you.
I hardly know where to start.
I hate Vulcans.
I hate cats.
I hate everything about it.
I hate him.
I hate it when you do that.
I hate it!
I hate questionnaires.
I hate that teacher and I hate calculus.
I hate the arrogance.
I hate the logic.
I hate to keep reminding you, but you are a machine.
I hate to say it but, I always thought I could work with anybody.
I hate what I became because of you.
I hate what you're going to do, and I hate you for doing it.
I have Commander Riker for you, sir.
I have Danar.
I have Mott.
I have Novakovich for anthropology and Horne for creative writing.
I have Prixus and Alans and Hildebrandt.
I have a business proposition to discuss.
I have a circulation pattern.
I have a clear memory of my journey.
I have a code seven in shuttlebay two.
I have a complete memory record of that day.
I have a connection, sir.
I have a dozen more in the lab.
I have a feeling it may prove to be a false alarm.
I have a feeling there's more to it than just pleasing us, sir.
I have a feeling they will choose to.
I have a few dozen tests to run first.
I have a few friends at the Academy.
I have a few things to do between now and then.
I have a fix on it, sir.
I have a hunch.
I have a hypothesis that may explain that, Captain.
I have a life back on Camor.
I have a life, Finn.
I have a lot of friends at Starfleet Command, Captain.
I have a malfunction.
I have a man down.
I have a memory record for that period of time.
I have a memory record of the entire lecture, Counsellor.
I have a message from Ambassador Spock.
I have a million questions.
I have a mission to accomplish.
I have a new love, Jean-Luc.
I have a number of questions for you.
I have a package for Operations.
I have a personnel review scheduled at thirteen hundred hours.
I have a positive identification, Commander.
I have a positive lock.
I have a power drain.
I have a prisoner.
I have a problem with that kind of rigidity.
I have a problem.
I have a proposal I believe you'll find most interesting.
I have a question, sir.
I have a question.
I have a rather long report to write.
I have a request, sir.
I have a responsibility to them as well.
I have a responsibility to them.
I have a schedule to meet.
I have a ship on target path.
I have a son not much older than you.
I have a son there.
I have a son who needs me.
I have a son.
I have a special mission for you.
I have a substantial portfolio.
I have a suggestion.
I have a wonderful idea.
I have accepted discommendation.
I have access to the Borg subspace signals.
I have accessed the subspace transponder signature of the Essex.
I have admitted that.
I have all that I could want.
I have all the information I need for our report.
I have all the specs and designs at home.
I have all the specs and diagrams at home.
I have allowed this to happen.
I have almost completed this experiment.
I have already explained.
I have already informed them by correspondence of my discommendation.
I have also accessed Starfleet records.
I have also taken an oath a loyalty to your ship.
I have always admired strong males.
I have always felt that it was done hurriedly, but I know little more.
I have always found the Black Sea at night to be a most stimulating experience.
I have always known.
I have an additional task for you, one that will prove your loyalty.
I have an announcement for the entire Bridge.
I have an appointment with Mister Hill at two o'clock.
I have an away team on board the ship.
I have an away team on the planet.
I have an experiment I need help with.
I have an explanation, sir.
I have an extraordinary doctor.
I have an ultimate storage capacity of eight hundred quadrillion bits.
I have analysed Commander Riker's DNA structure.
I have analysed the control module in the primary weather control grid.
I have analysed the recording Doctor Crusher made.
I have another option.
I have apprised the remaining bridge crew of our situation.
I have asked Gowron to restore our family honour.
I have asked my brother to take my place.
I have asked myself that many times as I have struggled to be more human.
I have asked you here to discuss a mutual problem, Captain.
I have assumed command of the Enterprise at the request of Captain Picard.
I have attended human weddings before.
I have become convinced that we are somehow involved in a conspiracy.
I have been able to locate a family living outside of Indianapolis.
I have been accused of many things in my life, never an excess of emotion.
I have been analysing the collected works of Antonin Dvorak.
I have been attempting to.
I have been blessed with your friendship and your love.
I have been bred to fill this specific role.
I have been entirely preoccupied by a most frightening experience of my own.
I have been expecting you.
I have been formulating nutritional supplements for Spot.
I have been given broad discretionary powers.
I have been hoping to meet you.
I have been in a similar situation.
I have been in battle.
I have been informed of your attempt to access restricted Council records.
I have been invaded.
I have been kept waiting here for over an hour.
I have been looking over the glyphs and pictograms from the Calder Two artefact.
I have been meaning to compliment you on your choice of colours here.
I have been meaning to speak with you about Alexander.
I have been meeting with the Proconsul.
I have been monitoring Geordi's progress.
I have been monitoring Klingon communication channels.
I have been on the other side.
I have been ordered to take on cargo but its contents are unknown to me.
I have been putting a lot of extra hours on this Typhon Expanse project.
I have been reinstated and I will be resuming my duties shortly.
I have been relieved of my duties, as I'm sure you already know.
I have been sending him regular status reports on her development.
I have been studying the Iconians since I was a cadet.
I have been testing the aphorism, 'a watched pot never boils'.
I have been told that imitation is the highest form of flattery.
I have been trying to make sense of this gobbledygook, but it's beyond me.
I have been unable to contact Sarjenka.
I have been unable to create a neural path around the Borg implants, sir.
I have been unable to penetrate their security measures.
I have been using my limited abilities to strengthen your mental discipline.
I have been waiting a long nine years for this, Picard.
I have been waiting for you.
I have been waiting here for over an hour!
I have been watching Spot sleep.
I have begun training her.
I have boiled the same amount of water in this kettle sixty two times.
I have brought you something you will need if you're going to stay on Rana Four.
I have business there.
I have business with the Commander.
I have bypassed the primary system.
I have carefully considered the implications of having a Borg on this ship.
I have certain abilities.
I have certain rights.
I have chosen.
I have claimed this planet for the Romulan Empire.
I have clearly determined Pardek's routine.
I have coated this piece of cloth with the liquid which is used in lamps.
I have come to an impasse regarding my recent unexplained experience.
I have come to challenge the lies that have been spoken of my father.
I have come to find my father.
I have come to have a great respect for you, Deanna.
I have come to help you escape.
I have come to this time from forty years in the future.
I have compared the terms to the body of laws which govern the planet.
I have compensated for the effect.
I have compensated.
I have complete confidence in Mister Data's ability to check up on himself.
I have completed a survey of our tactical systems.
I have completed another full scan of the area, sir.
I have completed long range scans.
I have completed modifications, Commander.
I have completed my analysis of the anomaly.
I have completed my analysis of the signal from the mercenary ship.
I have completed the adjustments on the interface.
I have completed the assembly of the replicated anatomy.
I have computed a possibility, Commander.
I have conducted a diagnostic check of all of my programs.
I have confidence in his ability as a warrior.
I have confined him to quarters for the return voyage.
I have confirmed Geordi's readings.
I have connected the communicator's energy cell to serve as the power source.
I have consciousness.
I have considered that possibility as well.
I have consulted numerous animal training manuals.
I have deactivated the unit.
I have decided not to inform this crew of my experiences.
I have decided to accept your proposal.
I have decided to live.
I have detected minute tetryon particle traces in their subdermal tissues.
I have determined that time is moving forward at an infinitesimal rate.
I have devoted a considerable share of my internal resources to its development.
I have difficulty remembering whose side I'm on.
I have disconnected certain security scanners to assist us.
I have discussed my concerns with Starfleet Command.
I have disobeyed a direct order from a superior officer.
I have done all that I could.
I have done as Captain Picard suggested.
I have done nothing more than show them what they are.
I have doubts.
I have eliminated all but five distinct forms of signing.
I have encountered many who more credibly could be called the devil than you.
I have enough for twelve bars of latinum.
I have entered my Expressionistic phase.
I have entries in my log that go back ten years.
I have established contact.
I have experienced a brief power surge in my positronic subprocessor.
I have failed in my mission, Commander.
I have failed.
I have felt no pain.
I have fingerprints.
I have finished.
I have followed all of Starfleet regulations to the best of my ability.
I have foresworn his bed and company.
I have forty crewmembers on board the Hathaway.
I have found Holmes' methodology of deductive reasoning to be quite useful.
I have found Pardek to have a unique insight into many issues.
I have found our arguments quite useful.
I have found that humans often use small talk during awkward moments.
I have found the place where they were standing.
I have found them to be quite unsettling.
I have friends, powerful friends, on the homeworld.
I have full confidence in my Engineering staff.
I have full confidence in the officers with whom I serve.
I have full confidence in your persuasive abilities.
I have given a great deal of thought as to what is appropriate in this instance.
I have given them no information, Commander, but I have not been mistreated.
I have given you the power of the Q.
I have good news.
I have good people willing to do their best.
I have good reason to return.
I have got to go aboard.
I have grown weary of bearing this dishonour.
I have had great difficulty determining what funny is.
I have had no visions.
I have had some experience in these matters.
I have had those feelings, those longings, all of my life.
I have had to live a life of pretence and lies, but with you I can be honest.
I have had to live with that fear ever since.
I have hailed the shuttle on all frequencies.
I have heard enough accusations!
I have heard nothing here which would alter that.
I have heard the sound before.
I have heard you mention that you once experienced a vision.
I have her.
I have his skills, his thoughts, his memories.
I have hundreds more.
I have identified the vessel, Captain.
I have information vital to your survival.
I have informed the staff of Commander Riker's temporary assignment.
I have initialised the plasma induction coils.
I have insufficient information from which to form a cogent theory, sir.
I have intrigued you, haven't I, Picard?
I have invited you here to meet someone.
I have isolated three segments of the recording that are crucial.
I have isolated three segments of this recording that are crucial.
I have it completely under control.
I have its call sign now, sir.
I have just observed what appeared to be a random energy transference.
I have just started the scan.
I have known that you were coming to us for the past two years.
I have learned all I needed to know.
I have learned it is useless to argue with you once your mind is set.
I have learned that some of them use humour to hide their fear.
I have located a large concentration of nodes behind this wall.
I have located a vessel, sir.
I have located that cavern.
I have located the Borg ship.
I have located the Jenolen, sir.
I have located the Vico, sir.
I have located the shuttle.
I have locked out the controls.
I have long been interested in the notion of time travellers.
I have lost contact, sir.
I have made contact, Commander.
I have made my report to the Captain.
I have made some mistakes.
I have made visual contact.
I have managed to isolate the organisms on our hull.
I have many friends that don't like me.
I have many human friends.
I have many more.
I have many names, my pale friend.
I have matters to attend to elsewhere.
I have met with the other squadron commanders here.
I have more than I dreamed possible, brother.
I have more things to worry about than shades and spirits.
I have much to learn.
I have much to teach you about women.
I have my honour.
I have my reasons, Mister Worf.
I have my rights.
I have narrowed the list of possibilities to two people.
I have negotiated many treaties on many planets, Picard.
I have neither the inclination nor the time.
I have never attempted anything like this before.
I have never done this before.
I have never doubted for a moment that this day would come, Wesley.
I have never experienced this kind of behaviour in Spot.
I have never forgotten it.
I have never had a nightmare.
I have never heard of any therapy that would produce results like that.
I have never known Data to tell a lie, and yet.
I have never met anyone quite like him.
I have never seen anything like this.
I have never seen anything so wondrous.
I have never seen humanoids with that power.
I have news for you, Captain.
I have no alternative but to rely on the telepathic abilities of Tam Elbrun.
I have no choice but to agree.
I have no choice but to believe you.
I have no concussion.
I have no control over what you do with the phaser.
I have no desire to leave the Enterprise.
I have no desire to see your vessel destroyed.
I have no doubt of that.
I have no experience in such matters.
I have no explanation for their special interest in me or this ship.
I have no fear of death.
I have no feeling in my right leg.
I have no feelings of any kind.
I have no friends.
I have no further questions for this witness.
I have no home.
I have no human feelings.
I have no idea what it means.
I have no idea what was in the files.
I have no intention of asking for them.
I have no intention of leaving until our mission is complete.
I have no intention of leaving yet.
I have no intention of releasing her now or ever.
I have no knowledge of that ship.
I have no magic.
I have no means of transportation.
I have no memory of events during that period.
I have no money.
I have no more idea what's going to happen than you do.
I have no need for companionship.
I have no objection to tests.
I have no particular desire to discuss the matter.
I have no plans to die anywhere else.
I have no powers.
I have no prior memory.
I have no problem getting to sleep.
I have no proof of that.
I have no questions, Your Honour.
I have no readings.
I have no reason to accede to Mister Fajo's wishes.
I have no reason to believe the rest of the Aldeans are any healthier.
I have no recollection of her at all.
I have no regrets.
I have no reluctance to kill you, human.
I have no reports of any Federation ships in that area, sir.
I have no right to be there.
I have no staff but one terrified little Ensign.
I have no staff.
I have no such intention, sir.
I have no unusual readings, Commander.
I have no way to predict.
I have no wish to harm her or to harm anyone else.
I have no wish to harm you, but you must return to Sickbay immediately.
I have no wish to kill anyone.
I have not been able to isolate the problem, sir.
I have not been entirely successful.
I have not considered that.
I have not done anything wrong.
I have not forgotten.
I have not forsaken my heritage.
I have not fully assimilated its impact.
I have not had cause to complain, Captain.
I have not had dinner.
I have not lied!
I have not received your report on the explosion.
I have not told Lal how difficult it was for me to assimilate.
I have not yet completed my full analysis.
I have not yet congratulated Ensign Cheney.
I have not!
I have not.
I have nothing to hide.
I have nothing to lose, Commander.
I have nothing to offer.
I have nothing to say to you, Ral.
I have nothing to say to you.
I have noticed, however, that you appear a bit uncomfortable yourself.
I have now taken control, and I assure you there will be no more attacks.
I have offended you and need to find a way to rectify my mistake.
I have often found this to be indicative of mental distraction.
I have often wished to be human.
I have often wondered what Spot dreams about.
I have on board Sovereign Marouk of Acamar Three.
I have only myself to blame, I suppose.
I have ordered a security team to bring casualties here until further notice.
I have other business.
I have other interests as well.
I have overridden Danar's bypass.
I have partial sensors back online.
I have phasers and torpedoes armed, but I show insufficient power to fire them.
I have planned a tentative schedule.
I have played seasons in my mind.
I have pores.
I have prevailed upon the Cardassian and Klingon captains to meet with me.
I have prevented war, or at the very least delayed it a good long time.
I have proven to be vulnerable.
I have provided for myself.
I have questioned myself.
I have questions I wish to pose.
I have rarely encountered such squeamish people.
I have re-established contact with the away team.
I have reached Engineering, Captain.
I have read her expressions.
I have read that there is currently a cholera epidemic in San Francisco.
I have read them all.
I have reason to believe that my presence on this mission is imperative.
I have reason to believe the exocomps are alive.
I have reason to believe there may be something very wrong on this ship.
I have received intelligence indicating he's on his way here.
I have received no insight.
I have recently had an unusual experience, which might be described as a vision.
I have reconsidered your offer.
I have refined the design to increase the magnification level.
I have reinstated the same programme.
I have remodulated the shuttle's engines to emit an inverse warp field.
I have removed patient John Doe from the emergency bio-support unit.
I have reset the sensors to scan for frequencies outside their usual range.
I have resigned from Starfleet.
I have restored life support.
I have resumed a northerly direction.
I have returned and I will lead my people again.
I have returned because there is a great need in my people.
I have returned.
I have reviewed the vessel's mission plans.
I have run a complete diagnostic of all the targeting components.
I have run three complete self diagnostics.
I have sacrificed everything.
I have saved your life twice already, Galen.
I have scanned the entire Prytt communications system.
I have scanned the entire ship, Captain.
I have seen how they live and how they die.
I have seen no evidence of other aberrations.
I have seen their vessel, Krola.
I have seen this face ever since I was a boy.
I have seen you before.
I have sent an away team to investigate.
I have served at the position before.
I have several examples of Commander Riker's battle technique.
I have several matters to attend to.
I have severed communications.
I have simply followed proper procedures.
I have since painted it.
I have some appointments this afternoon.
I have some cellulose readings from soil samples that weren't included.
I have some difficulty in accepting that.
I have some doubts about the value of human customs... in this.
I have some equipment aboard the Potemkin.
I have some expertise, so I shall teach you.
I have some friends around here.
I have some friends who are quite well versed in it.
I have some information regarding Amanda Rogers' parents.
I have some lab work to do.
I have some pull with the Captain.
I have some things I need to attend to.
I have some vivid memories of sporting events.
I have someone here you might like to meet.
I have something else for you, Baran.
I have something of a minor mystery on my hands.
I have something very special planned.
I have spent my career being able to tell when the other guy's mouth is dry.
I have spent my life studying it, tracking it, and hoping someday to find it.
I have spent my whole life trying to figure out crazy ways of doing things.
I have spent the past nine weeks as an expectant parent.
I have spoken to several people at that office.
I have standing orders to fire on all Federation ships!
I have studied all of your service records.
I have studied and know everything about my heritage.
I have studied the philosophies of virtually every known acting master.
I have studied them all of my life, and find new truths in them every time.
I have surveyed all the turbolifts and service crawlways on this deck.
I have sworn an oath to do no harm, and I will not.
I have sworn it to my people.
I have taken control of the engine room.
I have taken steps, however, to ensure that you will still be able to hear me.
I have taken the Starfleet Emergency Medical Course.
I have tasted your heart.
I have taught you about Klingon customs, the beliefs which we value.
I have the T'Pau cross-referenced in four different directories.
I have the ability to act like a lens which focuses thought.
I have the baby.
I have the coordinates of Ambassador Mauric's chambers.
I have the feeling you're waiting for something to happen.
I have the item.
I have the means.
I have the most beautiful carnation for the father of the bride.
I have the original coordinates of the Darwin isolation lab, Captain.
I have the other ship.
I have the readout on Dytallix B, Commander.
I have the results of the tests.
I have the same feelings, the same emotions as you.
I have the same safeguards as the ship's computer.
I have the ship on long range sensors.
I have them running around like rats in a maze.
I have them sedated now, but they should be up and about as soon as possible.
I have these intense feelings of fear and panic.
I have to activate the manoeuvring thrusters.
I have to admit I had a feeling you were different.
I have to admit I've been having second thoughts about this plan.
I have to admit it has a certain strange fascination.
I have to admit, I'm curious.
I have to agree, sir.
I have to ask you about your husband.
I have to be going.
I have to be the one to go.
I have to check something with the computer.
I have to choose what I carry.
I have to disappoint an old friend.
I have to do it now.
I have to face the fact that he's gone.
I have to find a better interface.
I have to find you.
I have to get away.
I have to get back on my ship, in space.
I have to get back to cargo bay two.
I have to get back.
I have to go now.
I have to go plant the nasturtiums now.
I have to interrogate him before he dies.
I have to inventory supplies and find out what we have.
I have to know what this is all about.
I have to leave now.
I have to leave soon.
I have to leave you now, or it'll be very bad for everyone.
I have to leave, Beverly.
I have to perform some ridiculous ritual to talk to you?
I have to phone Geneva right away about my accounts.
I have to push every step of the way.
I have to return to my ship.
I have to review the database on Betazoid neurophysiology.
I have to say goodbye to my friends.
I have to see him.
I have to show you something.
I have to study all the time.
I have to study up on Regalian law.
I have to take them back, Captain.
I have to tell Hayne and the others.
I have to tell him that we are making some progress.
I have to tell you.
I have to try, Data.
I have told you everything relevant about Nelvana Three.
I have touched another dimension.
I have traced her comm.
I have transferred her memories to me.
I have tried it from time to time.
I have tried other stimuli, but they have been unsuccessful.
I have tried to explore the images.
I have trouble believing it myself.
I have twelve hours.
I have two choices.
I have unique skills that may allow me to succeed.
I have unlocked the controls.
I have verified receipt of the access codes for the Lantree, Captain.
I have visited his people.
I have visual contact.
I have wonderful news.
I have worked for ninety three years in preparation for this meeting.
I have written a subroutine specifically for you.
I have yet to understand his reasoning or his plan.
I have you at last, Robin Hood.
I have you now!
I have your man in here, and the others in the shuttle.
I have your word on this?
I have, Captain.
I haven't as yet, Number One.
I haven't been able to determine the cause of death.
I haven't been able to for a long time.
I haven't been able to stop thinking about you all day.
I haven't been this close to someone in a long time.
I haven't been young for a long time and I intend to enjoy every minute of it.
I haven't been.
I haven't completely lost my mind, you know.
I haven't decided yet.
I haven't enjoyed it, if that's what you mean.
I haven't exactly sworn my undying allegiance to you either, Baran.
I haven't felt this good since the last time I was in space.
I haven't finished the neurodrain.
I haven't forgotten.
I haven't found a way to stop it or even slow it down.
I haven't given up yet.
I haven't gone anywhere.
I haven't had to deal with them yet.
I haven't had your assessment.
I haven't heard anything about this.
I haven't heard of any new production.
I haven't made up my mind.
I haven't missed a single hour of my duties.
I haven't much to lose.
I haven't need a visor since I got these cloned implants, Captain.
I haven't reached any conclusion.
I haven't said yes yet.
I haven't seen a family member in years.
I haven't seen any missile.
I haven't seen them.
I haven't seen you before.
I haven't seen you here before.
I haven't spoken to you before.
I haven't stepped one foot on your Bridge, Captain.
I haven't talked to it.
I haven't talked to them.
I haven't the comfort of a husband.
I haven't the slightest idea.
I haven't thought about this for years.
I haven't.
I hear I owe my rescue to you.
I hear it's a very uninhibited atmosphere.
I hear it.
I hear she handled the situation quite skillfully.
I hear that Captain Narth is an excellent officer.
I hear that humming again.
I hear the Gandhi's going on a terraforming mission to the Lagana Sector.
I hear the words, but not the sincerity.
I hear their words, and I see it all as it was.
I hear they drummed you out of the Continuum.
I hear you'll be coming to school with us for a while?
I hear you're a Starfleet officer.
I hear you're sending an away team down to the surface.
I hear you've been accepted to the Academy.
I hear you've been promoted to supervisor of the Atlantis project.
I hear you, Captain.
I hear you, Commander.
I hear you.
I heard about Data.
I heard another Rossa was killed in action at the Krasner outpost.
I heard no fluctuations during the performance.
I heard one of them mention the Barradas system.
I heard that Tasha Yar's daughter is aboard the Romulan ship.
I heard that two people vanished into thin air in this Infirmary.
I heard that you were leaving.
I heard that.
I heard them.
I heard there was a very smart, very young man who'd be tough competition.
I heard voices in my room last night.
I heard what happened on the Bridge.
I heard you got grounded.
I heard you know how to turn them on.
I heard you screaming.
I heard you were with the Federation flagship and I knew you had to be.
I heard you, Lieutenant.
I heard, I mean, I thought I heard something.
I heard, but I don't understand it, Captain.
I helped create you.
I helped define them.
I helped her.
I hereby declare therefore all disagreements resolved.
I hid the bracelet in your pocket.
I hid the truth from you.
I hold a message for Deanna Troi.
I hold no malice toward my benefactors.
I hold you responsible for this incident.
I honestly don't know, Data.
I honestly don't know.
I honestly thought it was me.
I honoured his choice and went inside.
I hooked it.
I hope Commander La Forge and Captain Picard agree with you.
I hope Doctor Crusher was able to help you with your headache.
I hope Duana and I know how to greet you properly, Commander.
I hope I can be of some help.
I hope I can come back and see you.
I hope I have the fortune of serving with you again, sir.
I hope I met death with my eyes wide open.
I hope I see you soon.
I hope I showed some promise.
I hope I'm better than you realise.
I hope I'm not intruding, Captain.
I hope I'm that frail when I'm two hundred and two years old.
I hope I've been able to help.
I hope I've not embarrassed you, Ambassador.
I hope for the sake of the project that I hope you're right, Doctor.
I hope he didn't tell you a lot of stories about me.
I hope he dies well.
I hope he'll be all right.
I hope he's right.
I hope it is, because there's nothing I can do to stop it.
I hope it was enough.
I hope it will give us the chance to get to know each other.
I hope it's complete.
I hope not, Number One.
I hope our sudden appearance didn't startle you.
I hope she knows what she's doing.
I hope so, Commander.
I hope so, for their sake.
I hope some day that the Federation and Daled Four will have formal contact.
I hope that I am worthy of her efforts.
I hope that they don't find out that I'm faking it.
I hope that'll give the Captain enough time to play his hand.
I hope that's all it is.
I hope that's not a stutter.
I hope that's true, Mister Data.
I hope the Captain remembers his physical pattern is here.
I hope the outcome wasn't too much of a disappointment for you, Mister Data.
I hope the two of you are happy together.
I hope their scout ship makes contact soon.
I hope these are the right coordinates.
I hope they don't hurt each other.
I hope they find you as tasty as they did their past associates.
I hope they will.
I hope they're all safely back on the Enterprise by now.
I hope they're good feelings.
I hope this will be brief.
I hope to generate new internal visions.
I hope to leave his books on the shelf, as it were.
I hope to return with good news.
I hope to see you again.
I hope we are.
I hope we find them before they come out of their nap.
I hope we know what we're doing.
I hope we make it to Vertiform City on time.
I hope we won't need to make that decision.
I hope we're in the ballpark.
I hope you and I don't regret this, Admiral.
I hope you are wrong, Ambassador.
I hope you believe me.
I hope you didn't get in trouble from your Captain.
I hope you don't either.
I hope you don't grow up resenting the fact that I was gone so much.
I hope you don't mind me dropping by like this?
I hope you don't mind us dropping in.
I hope you don't mind, I let myself in.
I hope you don't mind.
I hope you find the performance pleasing.
I hope you find what you're looking for.
I hope you have a lot of pretty boys on board, because i'm willing and waiting.
I hope you know what you're doing.
I hope you learned that running away solves nothing.
I hope you never have to learn it the same way.
I hope you understand our need to verify your claim.
I hope you understand that it's necessary.
I hope you will plan on remaining on board for a while.
I hope you won't be late for your exams.
I hope you won't mind, but I need to be alone.
I hope you'll be as thoughtful when the time comes.
I hope you're enjoying yourself.
I hope you're heading for the bedroom.
I hope you're hungry.
I hope you're right, Data.
I hope you're right, Geordi.
I hope you're right, because he and I were friends for years after this.
I hope you're satisfied, Picard.
I hope your disagreement wasn't over me.
I hope your journey aboard the Merrimac will be uneventful.
I hope your voyage wasn't too unpleasant.
I hope.
I hope... so.
I hoped I could be a facilitator.
I hoped somehow it might be you.
I hoped that you would open your mind to new possibilities, and you did.
I hung in for thirteen years.
I hurt them.
I imagine my methods must seem foolish to you.
I imagine that he took human form and seduced her like he did me.
I imagine that's to be expected.
I imagine you know why I've asked you here.
I imagine you'll get your choice of any Starfleet command, sir.
I imagined the whole thing.
I implore you, Captain, do not let this happen.
I implore you, do not continue with this proceeding.
I implore you, do not reactivate him.
I improvise.
I improvised.
I infiltrated this ship a year ago posing as a Romulan mercenary.
I informed him of my decision.
I insist on being paid.
I insist on speaking of that matter in person.
I insist you return to my side immediately.
I insisted and your First Officer was good enough to accommodate me.
I insisted that he tell me.
I insisted.
I intend no harm.
I intend to attack the Enterprise and destroy it.
I intend to complete this mission successfully and get what's been promised me.
I intend to demand the highest level of performance from her.
I intend to find out whether they can or cannot.
I intend to follow his orders to the very best of my ability.
I intend to hit them before they leave it.
I intend to make certain that you answer for what you have done.
I intend to meet with the Proconsul as planned.
I intend to open those containers.
I intend to prove that.
I intend to take them.
I intend to, Tokath.
I intend to.
I intercepted a communication from one of the checkpoints on the border.
I introduced you to Worf and the other senior officers.
I invented physics.
I investigated, and was inadvertently pulled into their temporal vortex.
I invite you to withdraw.
I jabbed when I should've blocked.
I judge Lore to be superior in that desire.
I judge it excellent, sir.
I judge you to be disabled and mentally incapacitated.
I just asked if they would talk.
I just came to get another drink.
I just can't get it right.
I just can't get the information I need from a tricorder scan.
I just can't get used to following orders.
I just can't quite make myself believe it.
I just can't remember.
I just can't see a thing.
I just can't seem to remember that last command.
I just can't think of another word that applies.
I just cleaned out some junior officers and I thought I'd do the same here.
I just couldn't help myself.
I just couldn't keep my eyes open.
I just couldn't make him understand.
I just couldn't resist.
I just didn't feel bound by those traditions.
I just didn't know what to say.
I just didn't like the way my quarters were decorated.
I just didn't want to think about it any more.
I just don't feel that way about you.
I just don't get it, Data.
I just don't get it, Guinan.
I just don't get to these decks very often.
I just don't have much time.
I just don't know how easy it's going to be to change.
I just don't know how to draw on my human instinct.
I just don't know if I can cope with it.
I just don't know if I'm ready to give up my life here.
I just don't know what to do with him.
I just don't know what to do, Jean-Luc.
I just don't know.
I just don't like your being forced out.
I just don't remember how or why.
I just don't think that it's appropriate.
I just don't think the transporter is going to accept simulated matter.
I just don't think you should have to give up an imaginary friend.
I just don't understand how she fits in to all this.
I just don't want to believe it.
I just don't want you to be hurt again.
I just don't want you to misunderstand my answer.
I just dropped by to see Taurik.
I just examined myself.
I just feel angry.
I just feel that the Captain has become, perhaps dangerous.
I just feel this weight pressing down on me.
I just felt something too, Captain.
I just felt your mind very much on these.
I just find it interesting.
I just finished recalibrating the starboard EPS module.
I just found Mister Singh.
I just found out I had a sister I never knew.
I just gave him a better option than suicide.
I just got a message from Starfleet command.
I just got promoted.
I just grew tired of the other colour.
I just had a very weird feeling.
I just happen to be better at it.
I just hate making out death certificates.
I just hate that, don't you?
I just hate the prospect of another damned cardiac replacement.
I just haven't been able to admit it to myself.
I just haven't thought along those lines before.
I just heard what sounded like voices in my room, but there's no one here.
I just hope it goes both ways.
I just hope it was the right one.
I just hope this force field has enough energy to trigger the pulse.
I just hope this helps to clarify things for you.
I just hope we don't all beam back looking like Data.
I just keep getting more poetry.
I just know he did it.
I just know that you did.
I just know you're not serious.
I just know.
I just like the melody.
I just like to stand here.
I just look like Dixon Hill.
I just made sure that you listened to yourself.
I just made sure you listened to yourself.
I just met with the Captain about your mission recommendation.
I just might get to like this place.
I just need a couple more minutes.
I just need some rest.
I just need time.
I just need to do something.
I just need to draw him out some more.
I just need to get my breath.
I just needed some air.
I just never gave it much thought.
I just never let it stop me.
I just never lost anyone under my command before.
I just picked it up and knew how to use it.
I just purchased that.
I just ran out of patience.
I just received a message from Admiral Nsomeka.
I just received coordinates, sir.
I just received this from Commander Kaplan, subspace.
I just remember differently.
I just saw them.
I just sensed something when I saw the two of you together.
I just suggested he take off his gloves.
I just think it's time for you to settle down.
I just think it's time you men admitted it.
I just think we should be plain about that.
I just thought I'd ask.
I just thought I'd give her a challenge.
I just thought I'd try anyway.
I just thought she might listen to you.
I just thought the formula you were using said something like that.
I just thought we might chat about your questionnaire.
I just thought you might want to talk.
I just thought you should know.
I just thought you'd like some time alone.
I just thought, well, you've known her so much long than I.
I just touched him.
I just want somebody real.
I just want to be left alone.
I just want to be sure you still know who you are.
I just want to get away.
I just want to get there on my own.
I just want to know how you got the antimatter regulator to spray chili sauce.
I just want to make sure that nothing happens to obstruct this mission.
I just want to prove to Picard that I'm indispensable.
I just want to see your face, that's all.
I just want to take a quick look.
I just want you to know that I have the utmost respect for the law.
I just want you to relax for a minute.
I just wanted them.
I just wanted to broaden his horizons.
I just wanted to hear you say it.
I just wanted to keep my promise to him.
I just wanted to know how the field trip went yesterday.
I just wanted to say good luck.
I just wanted to say thank you.
I just wanted to see how they would interact and function in tandem.
I just wanted to see if you were going to mok'bara class this morning.
I just wanted to see if you were still listening.
I just wanted to show it to Mister Spock.
I just wanted to tell you how pleased I am to be aboard the Enterprise.
I just wanted to thank you all for your support.
I just wanted to warn you.
I just wanted to, while I was here.
I just wanted you to know what risks we're about to take.
I just wanted you to know what we were carrying.
I just warned it, that's all.
I just went to bed.
I just wish that I didn't have to say no to him a second time.
I just woke up, sir.
I just wonder what kind of party the Klingons had in mind.
I just wonder.
I keep ending up somewhere I don't want to be.
I keep forgetting the need to carry money.
I keep seeing them.
I keep seeing this design.
I keep sensing random thoughts but two sets of them.
I keep telling you, there is no plot.
I keep thinking about my boys.
I keep thinking how empty it will feel without her presence.
I keep trying to be more human, and keep failing.
I kept breathing at the wrong times.
I kept hoping it wouldn't be here.
I kept shifting from place to place.
I kept them for their sentimental value.
I kept thinking, I'll go next month.
I kept waking up.
I killed no one!
I killed no one.
I killed one of them.
I kind of got to know you.
I knew Captain Picard would get us home.
I knew I could count on my Imzadi, the ship's Counsellor to boost my self-image.
I knew I could count on you, Jean-Luc.
I knew I could count on you.
I knew I wanted you the moment I saw you.
I knew I was coming to Haven to meet my destiny.
I knew I'd find the two of you together.
I knew I'd find you with him.
I knew Ned Quint.
I knew about the flux capacitor.
I knew as long as that razorbeast was around, nothing could hurt me.
I knew best.
I knew from the moment I saw you that you were here to save me.
I knew he might be right about Kurak.
I knew he'd have a great time.
I knew it the minute I said it.
I knew it was you.
I knew most of these people a lot longer than you did.
I knew of him.
I knew romance was still alive, somewhere.
I knew that I could count on you.
I knew that there were random energy patterns, yes, I knew that.
I knew there had to be water.
I knew there was something different about you.
I knew they would.
I knew we had to have the Captain's physical pattern here, sir.
I knew what I was doing and I'm prepared to accept the consequences.
I knew what I was doing.
I knew what I was supposed to do and I didn't do it.
I knew what could happen.
I knew you were bright enough to understand.
I knew you were not to be trusted.
I knew you would be - I was in charge of the team which put her together.
I knew you would.
I knew you wouldn't come to me.
I knew you'd encourage me.
I knew you'd help us.
I knew you'd like it.
I knew you'd say that.
I knew you'd try this, Riker.
I knew your father well, Worf.
I knew your father, Wesley.
I knew your father, served with him.
I knew your father.
I knew.
I knocked but there was no answer.
I know Alliance territory.
I know Data's been doing considerable research on Doctor Soong's background.
I know Hamlet.
I know I can be of great help to the ship.
I know I can resist.
I know I can win.
I know I didn't get the wrong room.
I know I heard something.
I know I shouldn't have done it.
I know I won't.
I know I'll be happy when I'm back on my own ship.
I know I'm a suspect in the murder, but let me ask you something.
I know I'm certainly tired of it.
I know I'm not supposed to be here.
I know I'm not.
I know I'm right.
I know I've been acting strange lately.
I know I've felt certain feelings from him.
I know Karnas.
I know Klingons like to be alone on their birthdays.
I know a Klingon school you could go to.
I know a host of Romulan cyberneticists that would love to be this close to you.
I know a shorter route.
I know a way of acquiring some discreet transport.
I know a way through the caves.
I know a way to find out.
I know about that research.
I know all about that.
I know all about you, Commander.
I know everything now.
I know exactly what you mean.
I know he isn't.
I know her too, but we don't do that.
I know him.
I know how busy you are.
I know how difficult it was for you being away.
I know how difficult this transition has been for all of you.
I know how hard it's been.
I know how hard this is for you.
I know how important it is that they don't fail, Captain.
I know how it sounds but it happened.
I know how it sounds, but there's no way this could be a random formation.
I know how much you love the transporter.
I know how the Ferengi are regarded.
I know how to get things done, and I have the expertise in the Borg.
I know how to override the bridge command.
I know how uncertain you must feel.
I know how you feel about this, sir.
I know how you feel, dear.
I know it doesn't feel like that now, but you can.
I know it is against standard procedure, but there is something I must say.
I know it sounds crazy, but there were times when I could've sworn.
I know it sounds unusual, but it is understandable.
I know it well.
I know it's a little sterile.
I know it's a little unexpected.
I know it's difficult for you.
I know it's not pretty, Riker, but this is what terrorism has done to this city.
I know its security systems work.
I know just the place.
I know many more interesting anecdotes, sir.
I know more about you.
I know my duty, Captain.
I know my enemy, Commander.
I know my role in history, Commander.
I know my ship.
I know my way around starships.
I know my way around.
I know nothing about Minos Korva.
I know nothing about it.
I know nothing of him.
I know now why I was created.
I know of him.
I know of no one who said that, Professor.
I know of no such logs.
I know of nothing out here that could possibly justify what you have done.
I know of that.
I know precisely how our pulse affected your field coils.
I know she'll agree.
I know she's been sick.
I know so much, but I've seen so little.
I know someone who is.
I know that Endar rescued me.
I know that I can count on you again.
I know that I can rely on both of you.
I know that as a scholar, you're nothing but a dilettante.
I know that he has caused you pain but I also know that you love him.
I know that it would have made my mother very happy, but.
I know that name.
I know that now.
I know that once you were a peaceful people with a rich spiritual life.
I know that one more penalty by anyone and I'm gone.
I know that part.
I know that place.
I know that sensation.
I know that she can make very strong hasperat.
I know that there are those among you who may question what I'm about to do.
I know that they are Vulcan in origin.
I know that too.
I know that!
I know that's not very flattering to you, but I have been thinking about us.
I know that, Captain, and I would do it all again.
I know that, but I have to do something.
I know that, sir.
I know the Captain's orders, Lieutenant.
I know the Trieste.
I know the consequences.
I know the encryption algorithms.
I know the feeling.
I know the kind of man you are.
I know the mission.
I know the other boys and girls will be happy to have a new classmate.
I know the procedure for the challenge.
I know the story from Vulcan mythology.
I know the terrain better than anyone and I can help.
I know the way, sir.
I know them all.
I know there is a great power called Computer, wiser than the oracle at Delphi.
I know there is!
I know these tunnels like the back of my own hand.
I know they can receive us, Captain.
I know they won't get very far.
I know this can be potentially very exciting.
I know this is all very confusing to you so I'll attempt to explain.
I know this is difficult for you.
I know this is difficult to accept, but I beg you, Doctor Beverly, help me.
I know this much.
I know this must be difficult for you.
I know this perfect little vacation spot.
I know this.
I know we'll have much to learn from each other.
I know what I want, I know what I've got, and you'd be lucky to do as well.
I know what caused his heart attack.
I know what he's doing.
I know what it is.
I know what that's like.
I know what they're capable of.
I know what they're doing.
I know what trouble it's been for you to get here, and I am curious why.
I know what you are planning, sir.
I know what you mean, Lieutenant.
I know what you're asking, but I feel nothing from it.
I know what you're going to say, Captain.
I know what you're thinking, Captain.
I know what you're thinking, what the hell am I doing here?
I know what you've done.
I know what your word means.
I know what's causing the anomaly.
I know what's going on inside of you, the war you're fighting with yourself.
I know what's happening.
I know what's involved.
I know where I came from.
I know where he is.
I know where to find a good doctor.
I know who I am.
I know who you are and what you've done.
I know who you are, Kurn.
I know why you came to us, Wesley.
I know you are, Katie.
I know you can do it.
I know you can hear me!
I know you can read lips, but I need your words.
I know you care, within those limits.
I know you do.
I know you feel responsible but it was an accident.
I know you have the ability to sound like other people, isn't that right?
I know you have your doubts about me, about each other, about the ship.
I know you miss your family.
I know you so well.
I know you think highly of him.
I know you want to do what's best for the Enterprise.
I know you want to look beautiful, but I'm just a barber, not a miracle worker.
I know you were born on Mars Colony.
I know you were close to him, Will, but we don't even know if he's still alive.
I know you will, Captain.
I know you will.
I know you're a close friend of the Crusher family.
I know you're angry.
I know you're back there.
I know you're doing your best, Doctor.
I know you're hungry.
I know you're in there.
I know you're on vacation.
I know you're responsible, now we've got to teach you a little bit of authority.
I know you're still in there.
I know you're very frightened.
I know you're working with her.
I know you've mourned in your heart.
I know you, Picard.
I know your father doesn't have it.
I know, Counsellor, that the crew has always had full confidence in me.
I know, Counsellor.
I know, Data.
I know, I just.
I know, I know, you'd never leave Starfleet.
I know, I was there.
I know, I've heard this story before.
I know, Mister Data.
I know, Mom, but this is important.
I know, Mom.
I know, Yuta.
I know, because I once did.
I know, but I can still wish for it.
I know, but he's my son.
I know, but it could be just enough.
I know, but look at the base pair combinations, they're uniform.
I know, but that's not possible now.
I know, but this is different.
I know, but this isn't a Klingon ship and Data was your friend.
I know, but this isn't any ship.
I know, but you leave me no other choice.
I know, but, in a funny kind of way, that's exactly my point.
I know, but, maybe we went about it the wrong way.
I know, sir, I must report it to Starfleet.
I know, sir.
I know, why don't I take you there?
I know, you're excited.
I launch the probes?
I lead a very simple life.
I learn quickly.
I learned a valuable lesson.
I learned a very hard, very painful lesson that day, but I learned it well.
I learned how to stay alive, how to avoid the rape gangs.
I learned it on a planet called Kataan.
I learned to cook rokeg blood pie.
I learned to live with it, use it, as you have.
I learned today that humans like to hold hands.
I led a team of geologists to study the plasma geyser on Melnos Four.
I left an experiment running back on the Enterprise.
I left him with friends.
I left it here in storage a long time ago after Jack died.
I left it in the corridor.
I left it there.
I left the station with Manua.
I let her die.
I let it all out last night.
I lie, I steal, I use people.
I lied to you.
I like a challenge.
I like climbing.
I like it already.
I like it here, Mommy.
I like it just fine.
I like my men to be forceful.
I like my species the way it is.
I like that better.
I like that in a man.
I like the sound of that.
I like the tremors.
I like the way your eyes pick up the colour of your tunic.
I like them fine.
I like them.
I like to help.
I like to keep my eye sharp.
I like to think of it as a significant career change.
I like to think that I've lightened up a little in my old age.
I like unorthodox.
I like you fellas.
I like you, Galen.
I like you, human.
I liked those things about me.
I liked you.
I lit the candle.
I lit the match.
I live here.
I live in an ideal culture.
I live on starships and shuttlecraft.
I lived on Juhraya.
I loathe the idea of a violent confrontation, but we must be prepared.
I look around me and all I see are surfaces without depth.
I look at Will and I see someone I've known for years.
I look at her and I wonder whatever happened to those things in me?
I look at things, I look at people, and they just don't feel right.
I look forward to giving tomorrow's keynote address with great anticipation.
I look forward to meeting him.
I look forward to our next meeting, Captain.
I look forward to our next meeting.
I look forward to reading your report, Commander.
I look forward to sampling them.
I look forward to tasting it.
I look forward to that time.
I look forward to the time we spend together.
I look forward to your report, Mister Broccoli.
I look forward to your reports.
I looked around for anything that belonged to him.
I looked at his service record.
I looked down at his body.
I looked into the mirror.
I lost a bet.
I lost consciousness.
I lost control of my ship.
I lost my balance.
I lost my son at the hands of humans during the conflict over Castal One.
I lost the transporter lock on them.
I lost track of the time.
I lost two of three sons in the war, Captain.
I lost you back there.
I love cats.
I love firelight.
I love fungilli.
I love her and we're going to raise our child together.
I love him.
I love my work aboard the Enterprise.
I love someone.
I love surprise parties.
I love that man but, good intentions aside, he'd mess up a free lunch.
I love the sound of your voice.
I love you too, Mom.
I love you, Beverly, just as I loved Felisa before you.
I love you, Beverly.
I love you, Wesley.
I love you, brother.
I love you, son.
I love you, too.
I loved you.
I made Noonian leave you behind.
I made a copy as a precaution, but I burned it before we left.
I made a leap of faith.
I made a terrible mistake.
I made a young fellow a promise and I don't want to be late.
I made it a couple of years ago down on the station.
I made it clear to you that the family would not allow it.
I made it into a repulser beam.
I made it my business to get to know that young fellow.
I made it myself.
I made it.
I made no mistakes.
I made sure Spock knew it.
I made that same argument with the Federation Council.
I made the back piece.
I made the choice I thought gave him the best chance of surviving.
I made this a broader based remedy.
I made you come to me on the Bridge.
I made you, mister, and I can break you just as easily.
I make a great fungilli.
I make decisions for myself.
I make her sad.
I make no excuses for my approach to medicine.
I managed to acquire my former staff.
I managed to get her into stasis before the venom paralysed her.
I managed to reconnect his positronic matrix.
I married a Klingon.
I materialized upside down above the planet surface.
I may be a little rusty.
I may be able to download this old style disk drive back to the Enterprise.
I may be able to land but I will not be able to take off.
I may be back for you.
I may be forced to tear it down.
I may be perfectly fine by tomorrow.
I may be surrounded by insanity, but I'm not insane.
I may die tomorrow or I may outlive you.
I may get over there and want to come right home.
I may have been rude by human standards.
I may have lost one of them.
I may have meant liquid, clear, brown, hot.
I may have overloaded it, sir.
I may have something, sir.
I may have thought it, but there's a difference.
I may have to kill him.
I may have to remove them.
I may have to respect your beliefs, but I don't have to like them.
I may have to travel during the night.
I may have.
I may need your input.
I may not be as precise as a computer, but I think you'll enjoy it more.
I may not show my feelings to my crew, but I do have them.
I may not understand human humour, sir, but I am a Starfleet Academy graduate.
I may represent an entire race of artificial lifeforms.
I may still die, but it will not be by my own hand.
I may suffer almost as much.
I may want to stay a while, Jean-Luc.
I may.
I mean I took it quite seriously.
I mean eye watering, tongue searing strong, you'd make an old man very happy.
I mean happy.
I mean it's generating its own energy.
I mean it.
I mean that as a doctor, not as just a mother.
I mean the way I feel.
I mean there, in the Jefferies tube.
I mean you're curious about things.
I mean, Captain.
I mean, I can't even begin to calculate the odds.
I mean, I don't know who you are, but there's something about you.
I mean, I don't mean your invitation makes me laugh.
I mean, I hope we will be.
I mean, I know you've got more important things to do.
I mean, I'm a patient in a bathing suit.
I mean, I'm sure you're needed on the Bridge as well.
I mean, I've lost patients before.
I mean, The idea of being deconstructed, molecule by molecule.
I mean, always being alone.
I mean, as I see it, we have some unfinished business, you and I.
I mean, betrayed the others?
I mean, computer, save programme.
I mean, did they find the cure by your century?
I mean, felt.
I mean, have you ever seen anything?
I mean, he's not ill.
I mean, how does a guy like that make it through the Academy?
I mean, how is it possible?
I mean, if this guy can't get us back, who will?
I mean, isn't this a game of misdirection?
I mean, it might hurt her now, but it would be better in the long run.
I mean, it was nothing specific, actually.
I mean, it would be unfortunate if he.
I mean, it's impossible, isn't it?
I mean, marriage?
I mean, my Enterprise.
I mean, not just a mineral survey.
I mean, not really.
I mean, of course you're my wife.
I mean, programming him like some sort of walking bomb.
I mean, she was brilliant, of course, but warm, you know?
I mean, sitting here alone just don't get it.
I mean, take care of somebody.
I mean, that and the real Data.
I mean, the transporter will still be there.
I mean, the war's over now.
I mean, there was nothing there.
I mean, these creatures are born, live, and die in interstellar space.
I mean, they're equipped with only the most basic skills.
I mean, think about it.
I mean, this is cruel and unusual punishment.
I mean, was it personal, or what?
I mean, we're going to see something that people will talk about for years.
I mean, welcome aboard, Doctor Brahms.
I mean, well, it's the next logical step, right?
I mean, what an opportunity.
I mean, what more could have happened to them?
I mean, when you look there, don't you see your future?
I mean, women wear makeup and nail polish.
I mean, yes sir.
I mean, you don't drink, and you ain't got no TV.
I mean, you must have some way to repair it.
I meant no disrespect.
I meant no harm.
I meant outside of Sickbay.
I meant personally?
I meant warrior.
I meant what I said before.
I meant you, Barclay.
I meant, for the rest.
I meant, how's it going with you?
I measured the toxic leak.
I mentioned your interest in the project, that's all.
I merely expect your end of our contract to be upheld.
I merely opened the door for you.
I merely shut down a machine.
I merely state a possible alternative explanation.
I merely think we should not completely reject the possibility.
I met Holza at a symposium a few years ago.
I met Marie and Rene.
I met Ronin.
I met a man in the Cambra system.
I met him myself in Transporter room three.
I met him once, many years ago, very briefly at his son's wedding.
I met him once.
I met someone, that's all.
I met the new head of Stellar Sciences last night.
I met with him about six weeks ago, during the crew evaluations.
I might ask you the same question.
I might be able to do something.
I might be able to reschedule the review.
I might be interested, sir.
I might have known!
I might make a mistake.
I might need Geordi to help me through some of it.
I might not have another chance.
I might not like it.
I might, if I thought it was necessary.
I miss her too.
I miss her.
I miss his company, and his hasperat.
I miss my parents.
I miss my sons, and then I think I'm here, but they are gone.
I miss you.
I missed about two inches of him.
I missed it by less than a thousand metres, Enterprise.
I missed our friendship.
I missed you, Data.
I most certainly did not.
I must accept that.
I must accompany you.
I must adhere to regulations.
I must admit I was never as comfortable sensing emotions as you seem to be.
I must admit I've lost my enthusiasm for those proceedings.
I must admit to being a bit overwhelmed.
I must admit you've given me a lot to think about, Commander Data.
I must admit you've got me mystified.
I must admit you've piqued my curiosity, Admiral.
I must admit your Commander Riker acquitted himself quite admirably.
I must admit, Commander I didn't think you'd be so personable.
I must admit, Data, I never get used to seeing you like this.
I must admit, I always wanted to play the part of the mysterious stranger.
I must admit, I am experiencing a similar sensation.
I must admit, I had some doubts when you invited the Ferengi.
I must admit, I miss the Cairo already.
I must admit, Wesley, you have a very fast mind.
I must also welcome this lovely one.
I must apologise for my husband's lack of social graces.
I must be able to prove my father's innocence.
I must be allowed to complete my mission!
I must be having some sort of polarity shift.
I must be out of my mind.
I must be.
I must bear my dishonour alone.
I must change.
I must congratulate you.
I must contact my lawyer.
I must decline.
I must do as the Picard wishes.
I must feel nothing.
I must find Spock.
I must find a way to contact the Enterprise.
I must find it.
I must find out who we're dealing with.
I must find the answer.
I must find the malfunction.
I must finish my work.
I must force him down another path.
I must get my ship back.
I must get off this ship.
I must go now.
I must go to the Mempa sector to meet with the other squadron commanders.
I must go with you.
I must go.
I must have a little talk with Mister Barclay.
I must have asked too many questions.
I must have been, I don't know, about five, I guess.
I must have cut my head when he pushed me against the bulkhead.
I must have dropped it in the passageway.
I must have lost a lot of blood.
I must have that woman.
I must have the Council's support to survive.
I must insist.
I must keep conscious.
I must know.
I must leave now.
I must lower our shields to beam these men up from the planet surface.
I must make one thing very clear, Jean-Luc.
I must meet with them.
I must now shut down our shields to maintain life support systems.
I must object to that plan.
I must practice my skills.
I must protect the rights of my officer.
I must protest, DaiMon.
I must refocus the pattern again.
I must refuse your request.
I must refuse.
I must reiterate, it would be better if I went alone.
I must remember not to let this happen again.
I must remind you that Captain Picard was briefed on that plan.
I must remove him.
I must replace the emitter module and reconnect the power supply.
I must resolve these issues myself.
I must return.
I must say I resent this, Doctor.
I must say I resent your early arrival, Commander I have much work to do.
I must say I'm not overjoyed to see Remmick again.
I must say your Federation troops fought tenaciously.
I must say, Captain, it surprised the hell out of me.
I must say, Commander, I resent this early arrival.
I must say, you wear it well.
I must say, you're looking remarkably well.
I must see Sarek.
I must see my people in the shuttle.
I must see them.
I must see your captain immediately.
I must show you my heart.
I must speak to you about your son.
I must speak to you immediately.
I must speak with the Elders.
I must speak with you, Captain.
I must speak with you, Picard.
I must still undergo a dangerous operation.
I must talk to you about Spock.
I must tell James.
I must tell them.
I must to apologise for yesterday.
I must to continue my work, but it will take time.
I must try and cure this poor, sick vine.
I must warn you that human parents are quite willing to die for their children.
I must've said something wrong.
I myself have seen her.
I myself must return to my quarters.
I need a bath.
I need a four.
I need a hand with this field generator.
I need a little advice.
I need a little more time, Jean-Luc.
I need a security team down here immediately.
I need a volunteer.
I need a wife.
I need an answer soon.
I need an emergency medical team down here.
I need another hour, Commander.
I need everyone within the field.
I need guidance.
I need help to develop the shield.
I need help, my friend.
I need help.
I need her in Sickbay now.
I need him in Sickbay, Captain.
I need his services.
I need more napkins.
I need more people.
I need more.
I need nothing.
I need only bring aboard two more servants.
I need people I can trust in strong positions throughout the Federation.
I need replacement personnel, sir.
I need some help with an analysis of the ship the Borg were using.
I need some help!
I need some information about a Vulcan ship, the T'Pau.
I need some input.
I need some instruments from my ship in order to diagnose this.
I need some money.
I need some tea.
I need some time.
I need someone better.
I need someone to take care of the place.
I need that communicator.
I need that door down!
I need the autosuture here.
I need the chips.
I need the sign for the temple.
I need the transporters to function despite the hyperonic radiation.
I need those artefacts.
I need those phasers.
I need to ask you to do something for me.
I need to be able to turn that thing inside out.
I need to bring that door down.
I need to check further, but my instinct says no.
I need to contact my ship to let Commander Riker that we're about to sit down.
I need to discuss the Tagran's medical needs with Doctor Crusher.
I need to do exploratory surgery.
I need to do some tests.
I need to do that autopsy.
I need to get back to the surface.
I need to get down to Engineering and begin that analysis.
I need to get him back as well.
I need to get him back to the ship.
I need to get him to a medical facility.
I need to get inside there.
I need to get off the ship.
I need to give additional instructions.
I need to have a talk with those two people.
I need to hear you say that you are sure you're doing the right thing.
I need to know I can count on you.
I need to know how.
I need to know if anyone comes on or off this ship.
I need to know more about its composition.
I need to know now.
I need to know that what I am doing is right.
I need to know the strength and capabilities of the Federation fleet.
I need to know what happened.
I need to make a phone call as soon as possible.
I need to prove the children are harmless.
I need to rest, first, I'm tired.
I need to rest.
I need to run a diagnostic on the diverter.
I need to run a structural integrity scan.
I need to schedule a physical examination for Alexander.
I need to see him now!
I need to see him right now.
I need to see my father.
I need to see the thing.
I need to see you immediately.
I need to sleep.
I need to speak to her alone for a moment.
I need to speak with Ihat.
I need to speak with him.
I need to talk to a friend.
I need to talk to my husband.
I need to talk to you about the phaser test results.
I need to talk to you.
I need to talk to your father, Jean-Luc.
I need to treat our injured friends.
I need water.
I need you all where you are, where Captain Picard always relied on you.
I need you close.
I need you here, making it possible for me to do my work.
I need you in Sickbay immediately.
I need you in transporter room three, Commander.
I need you more than you can possibly realise.
I need you on the Bridge with me.
I need you on the Bridge, Number One.
I need you out here, Reg.
I need you to find out.
I need you to give him a full bioscan.
I need you to help me build a future for the Borg.
I need you to keep them on a tight leash.
I need you to tell me if I've gone completely mad.
I need you to transport me to the science ship and then directly back again.
I need you!
I need you, Goval.
I need your help on the Mishiama wrist-lock and break.
I need your help to find it.
I need your help with something.
I need your help with the shield modulators.
I need your help, Data.
I need your help, Mister Hill.
I need your knowledge of the man.
I need.
I needed to change the rules.
I needed to find out if what I suspected about the girl were true.
I needed to know the rates of mitosis.
I neither believe nor doubt.
I neither desire your obedience nor your worship.
I neither liked it nor disliked it.
I never asked.
I never considered how deeply ingrained this Resolution liturgy is.
I never could before a mission.
I never could develop a taste for it.
I never could learn.
I never cry foul when I lose.
I never did anything to stand in his way.
I never did this before.
I never even thought about my rank for a long time.
I never felt better.
I never felt quite ready.
I never felt trapped.
I never fired a phaser on the science station.
I never fooled you for a second.
I never found it to be necessary.
I never got back to her.
I never got the guidance that a wild young man needed.
I never had a friend before.
I never had the chance to deliver it.
I never heard it before.
I never heard it described better.
I never imagined I would see the clouds from the other side.
I never imagined how much of my self I would retain.
I never kill anyone at the supper table, Mister La Forge.
I never knew about that.
I never knew any of that about him.
I never knew how tough this must be for you.
I never knew my father.
I never knew my mother.
I never knew what Spock was doing.
I never knew what a friend was until I met Geordi.
I never know until I am into the situation, meet the people involved.
I never know when I'll have the opportunity to ride.
I never learned to speak hypothetical.
I never lie when I've got sand in my shoes, Commodore.
I never met a chocolate I didn't like.
I never play the opening rounds, anyway.
I never questioned the fact that I'd be in Starfleet.
I never realised that you were interested in trains.
I never really cared for that name.
I never really let her know how much I loved her.
I never said there was a prospect.
I never saw him again.
I never saw you wear these.
I never should have picked human.
I never sought that rubbish.
I never thanked you for your correspondence.
I never thought I would ever see a Romulan ship.
I never thought I would see a Kurlan naiskos.
I never thought I'd be helping them out.
I never thought I'd feel this way about leaving you guys and the Enterprise.
I never thought I'd hear a Cardassian say something like that.
I never thought I'd hear myself saying something like that.
I never thought I'd see either of you on a starship again.
I never thought I'd see you again.
I never thought he'd make it this far.
I never thought of it that way.
I never thought of that, either.
I never thought of that.
I never thought we'd be firing on our own people to protect a Cardassian ship.
I never trade in Vulcan ships.
I never want to see this part of the Enterprise again.
I never went to the Kri'stat volcano.
I never will.
I never?
I no longer believe anything you say.
I no longer feel its presence.
I no longer live here.
I no more wish to die than you do.
I not only respect him, I consider him my friend.
I notice you haven't taken off your gloves.
I noticed it uses a visual interface.
I noticed it when I did an intensive scan of the Pagh.
I noticed that Lieutenant Worf put Ensign D'Amato on report for insubordination.
I noticed that many spectators seemed distracted during my presentation.
I noticed that the applause this evening exceeded average decibel levels.
I noticed that too, Counsellor.
I noticed you arguing with that Ferengi.
I noticed.
I now believe there may be a cancer growing within the ranks of Starfleet.
I now have direct access to his visual cortex.
I now read it at forty six million cubic metres.
I obey Fajo.
I object!
I obtained enough of the dosage for both of us.
I offer a thought.
I offer myself as guide only to be rejected out of hand.
I offer the hospitality of my vessel.
I offer you a choice.
I offer you four Klingon squadrons.
I offer you the chance to touch what he shared with me.
I offered it to him.
I offered to help them appraise the artefacts that they had stolen.
I offered you fifteen for the metal and I've given it to you.
I offered you friendship.
I once asked you to run away with me.
I once had what could be considered a crisis of the spirit.
I once saw one of them used against a two-ton Rectyne Monopod.
I once wrote a report about starships when I was about your age.
I only asked who he is, and where you met him.
I only caught the edge of it.
I only ever felt this, well, with someone who's on this ship.
I only hope I can learn your ways before I mess up again.
I only hope he likes Shakespeare.
I only hope our quarters on Daled Four will be this luxurious.
I only hope we can reach him in time.
I only hope your people are able to help us.
I only knew your mother for a very short time.
I only know I will have many responsibilities when I get there.
I only know that I'm right.
I only know that it did.
I only peek after the hand is over.
I only saw the face of one of them.
I only see the gold.
I only took advantage of an irresistible opportunity, as any good writer would.
I only want to help.
I only want to make you as happy as you want to make me.
I only want what you have the luxury of taking for granted.
I only want you to know I'm here if you need me.
I only wish I'd had the opportunity to use it on a horse.
I only wish there was some way I could repay you.
I only wish to help, to find a cure for the illness.
I only wish to help.
I only wish to honour his mother.
I only wish we were all as well balanced, sir.
I open with fifty.
I oppose you.
I order you to lower your shields and surrender.
I order you to return to duty at once.
I order you to stop.
I ordered you to lie?
I outrank you.
I overslept again.
I owe it to the Captain.
I owe it to them.
I owe that to Doctor Reyga.
I owe them that.
I own four.
I paid her to steal it.
I panicked.
I particularly want my guest to meet you.
I perceive the universe as a single equation, and it is so simple, I understand.
I perceived no fear or deception from him.
I perform periodic inspections on all engineering systems.
I pick things up very fast.
I picked it up on Mataline Two.
I picked this up from the Cardassian liaison last weekend.
I picked up a couple of languages along the way.
I pity you.
I plan on leaving the same way you do.
I plan to be on it.
I plan to shut down my cognitive functions for a brief period each day.
I planned to go back, but things kept interfering.
I planned to save the other two.
I planted radishes in this special dirt and they came up all weird!
I played some music, I talked to the computer.
I pledge to be worthy of your teaching, my brother.
I pledge we will do everything possible to assist your continued survival.
I practically memorised the specs on the way over here.
I practice at level fourteen.
I practiced his facial tic.
I pray you, what thinks he of our estate?
I prefer a certain formality on the Bridge.
I prefer a more profitable one, human.
I prefer brains over brawn as well.
I prefer it that way.
I prefer that we commence with our mission.
I prefer to arrive with the smallest possible complement.
I prefer to go alone.
I prefer to look on the future as something which is not written in stone.
I prefer to shuttle to the surface.
I prefer to think of it as commerce.
I prefer to view the conference room first.
I pried into the ships log reports.
I probably haven't got a chance.
I probably shocked the hell out of you, didn't I?
I programmed her to terminate after a long life.
I programmed this hologram to answer any questions you might have.
I promise I won't cause any problems down there.
I promise I won't hurt you.
I promise I'll be good at the Klingon school.
I promise I'll come by to see you tomorrow.
I promise a report of great detail and accuracy.
I promise him exquisite pain unless you obey me too, brother.
I promise you she will be attended to.
I promise you that when I leave this house I will never set foot in it again.
I promise you that.
I promise you'll be happy.
I promise you, Captain, they will never know that I am ill.
I promise you, Captain.
I promise you, Redblock isn't going to like this!
I promise you, okay?
I promise you, they'll have a beautiful life with us.
I promise you, you'll want for nothing.
I promise you.
I promise, not too much off the top.
I promised Keiko.
I promised to escort these people to their camps.
I promised to meet Mrs.
I promised.
I protect them.
I punished him.
I pursued.
I put a little something into your bag while you were packing.
I put a stop to that.
I put aside my powers and became her husband.
I put away your shoes for you again.
I put it to you all.
I question your actions, Captain.
I question your choices.
I question your judgment.
I question your loyalty.
I question your sincerity, Lore.
I raised you, I protected you and I intend to deliver you to Daled Four!
I ran out of red ochre.
I ran them several times to be sure.
I rather enjoy writing.
I rather enjoyed the idea.
I rather like it actually.
I rather like it that I'm more difficult to read than your other men.
I re-read the entries in my grandmother's journals.
I re-routed just about everything through here.
I reach the point where I don't want to hear any more.
I read about this ship at the Academy, I never dreamed I'd ever be on her.
I read it.
I read that, too.
I read you, Commander.
I read your coordinates at three seven zero point two three six.
I read your graduating thesis.
I read your papers on the subject, but that was years ago.
I read your report, Commander.
I read your report.
I realise I shouldn't have made the offer, but he's perfect for the job.
I realise how unusual this must seem.
I realise it was his fault.
I realise that, Captain.
I realise that, Mister Data.
I realise you have my word only to convince you.
I realise you're trying to be nice to me, and I appreciate it.
I realised I could be feminine without losing anything.
I realised for the first time it was possible to continue Doctor Soong's work.
I realised he loved his work as much as he loved me.
I realised she was taking me away.
I realised that I had never accepted the loss of my husband.
I realised that it was something else, and it wasn't right.
I realised we had arrived before they had completed the transfer.
I really came for the view.
I really did.
I really do enjoy you, you know.
I really do want you to talk to Counselor Troi.
I really don't feel like talking right now.
I really don't think that will be necessary, Mister Worf.
I really don't think this is the place to be discussing this.
I really enjoyed the scene you just performed.
I really have missed you, Jean-Luc.
I really have to be going.
I really have to finish this.
I really have to leave.
I really haven't thought that far ahead.
I really just wanted to make you feel more comfortable.
I really must speak to the maid.
I really need to get ready.
I really regret losing that opportunity.
I really think that you ought to leave.
I really thought that made you somebody, but you're nobody.
I really thought you'd tell me you were an artist.
I really want to be honest with you, Jason.
I really was willing to stay here and die for this.
I really wonder.
I really would rather be alone right now.
I really would rather not, sir.
I recall how you used your superior morality when we first encountered you.
I recall no wager!
I recall only one tear.
I received it from the Admiral last night.
I received the Sotaric Citation for my actions that day.
I reckon the process should take less then two hours.
I recognise it, sir.
I recognise some of the variance patterns.
I recognise that you're trying to satisfy my conditions.
I recommend a randomly vectored approach to our target.
I recommend against contact, Captain.
I recommend caution.
I recommend going through his quarters, as well.
I recommend that I return to the cruiser with an away team.
I recommend we destroy the asteroid.
I recommend we fire directional phasers at those coordinates.
I recommend we go immediately to battle stations.
I recommend we initiate emergency procedure alpha two.
I recommend we launch a probe.
I recommend we let him come around in his own time.
I recommend we take this opportunity for further research.
I recommend we target photon torpedoes on the alien habitat and destroy it.
I recommend we use a gravitron polarimeter.
I recommend withdrawal to a safe distance.
I recommend you and Geordi return to the ship.
I recommend you don't fire until you're within forty thousand kilometres.
I recommended you.
I recorded a personal log on my way back to the Enterprise.
I refuse to abandon this planet to that woman.
I refuse to allow this, sir.
I refuse to believe that this was a simple malfunction.
I refuse to believe you ever said that.
I refuse to let arithmetic decide questions like that.
I refuse to stand by and watch you deteriorate.
I refused to for the same reason I refused to stop the Enterprise.
I refused to sit there safe in that observation post and watch it happen.
I regret a great many things from those days.
I regret my recent behaviour.
I regret that I gave it up.
I regret that we have seen so little of each other during this voyage, Captain.
I regret the decision, but I must.
I regret your stubbornness.
I rejected your plan.
I relieve you, Mister Crusher.
I relieve you.
I remember I was reading a history of all the past starships named Enterprise.
I remember a certain junior officer meeting a very serious psychologist.
I remember a few lectures from Starfleet Academy that seemed like that.
I remember being on Risa.
I remember doing everything.
I remember every fact I am exposed to, sir.
I remember he spoke to me and I just stood there grinning like an idiot.
I remember he wrote me about that.
I remember hearing about it.
I remember how excited I was.
I remember how funny-looking he was.
I remember it like it was yesterday.
I remember monitoring the sensor console.
I remember my early lessons.
I remember sitting here listening to ghost stories with only the candle burning.
I remember studying his career in school.
I remember that now.
I remember that sound, and all the good times we had.
I remember that.
I remember the day I took this.
I remember the first time I ate a live taspar.
I remember the same discussions between mother and father.
I remember the words but I don't understand.
I remember thinking how mad he'd be when he came home and saw what she'd done.
I remember those imaging logs.
I remember when they brought you in.
I remember you were here for a short while, but you were alone.
I remind you that you're under oath.
I remind you, Counsellor, that power coupling could overheat at any moment.
I repeat, this is a medical emergency.
I repeat, we are under attack.
I repeat, you have entered a Federation depot.
I repeat, you will prepare my son for immediate transport.
I report to Starfleet Command directly.
I represent the intellect, and speak in matters of judgement, philosophy, logic.
I requested it.
I requested quarters for him.
I require a cloaked vessel.
I require a higher protein and enzymatic content.
I require a low intensity magnetic field core.
I require a phaser.
I require advice.
I require information on this ship's defence and navigational systems.
I require large amounts of whiskey as a linament.
I require little rest, Captain.
I require solitude.
I require the information.
I require urgent assistance.
I require your advice as a successful parent.
I require your advice.
I require your assistance.
I resented you being assigned to me, but I was wrong.
I respect my officers' judgements.
I respect that.
I rest my case, your Honour.
I retrieved this image from the ship's library.
I return command of the ship to you, Captain.
I rigged the table so that he would win in a rematch.
I run a clean place.
I sacrificed a lot.
I said I may be going.
I said I was fine.
I said I wouldn't mind the assignment, sir.
I said a visit.
I said all transporter controls.
I said it is of no importance.
I said main Bridge.
I said minimum warp drive, Captain.
I said the accident occurred after the loop.
I said the process should take less than two hours.
I said we would, Data.
I said you're not doing this.
I said, He won't let us down.
I said, how romantic.
I said, shut up.
I said, where will you go?
I said, you are a coward.
I salute you again, Captain.
I salute you.
I saved his life.
I saved most of our Bridge crew.
I saved your life.
I saw Dad today.
I saw Doctor Soong.
I saw Eli playing cards.
I saw a little girl who was sweet and happy.
I saw a report from Starfleet Intelligence this morning on that sector.
I saw a straw coming out of your head.
I saw her broken body.
I saw her perform complex calculations without the assistance of the computer.
I saw him on the ship too.
I saw it in the cargo freighter, on the floor by the fire.
I saw it with my own eyes.
I saw my father.
I saw no evidence of Romulans.
I saw no need.
I saw no sense in Riker choosing him anyway.
I saw nothing.
I saw one once.
I saw someone running away from here.
I saw that.
I saw the sun.
I saw them.
I saw what happened to him when he caught the scent of his prey on the wind.
I saw you crying.
I saw you murdered.
I saw you playing with the lizard model a little while ago.
I saw you share the sky with God.
I saw you take two chips from my pile.
I saw you.
I saw your father last week and your sister about ten days before that.
I saw your light, figured you were working late.
I say again, abandon ship.
I say fight, sir.
I say go with the nebula.
I say it's old, Mister La Forge.
I say it's time for a change.
I say kill him.
I say potato, you say potahto.
I say tomato, you say tomahto.
I say we turn him over to them.
I say you have failed as our leader, Gowron.
I say, Holmes, where shall we head?
I scanned behind the panel Counsellor Troi asked me to.
I scanned him, but I found nothing.
I scanned the area.
I scanned the vicinity with an IP scanner.
I scanned you.
I see I am wasting my time.
I see I have no choice.
I see I understand that you've been recommended for the Ops position.
I see Kahless!
I see Kahless.
I see Starfleet has shipped you back into exile.
I see a living, breathing boy who's been hurt and who needs our help.
I see a lot of me in you.
I see colour variations and rhythms in complex harmonies.
I see four lights.
I see her quite often.
I see him entirely differently, Captain, he is not a villain.
I see in your file that Captain DeSoto thinks very highly of you.
I see it all too well.
I see it!
I see it.
I see more.
I see no charges against us, Your Honour.
I see no good reason why the Earth should have another subcontinent.
I see no need for it to be difficult at all.
I see no other possible explanation.
I see no point in holding you further.
I see no reason to continue.
I see no reason to delay our departure.
I see no reason to die needlessly.
I see no reason to discuss it further.
I see no reason to kill you.
I see no reason to trust you, human.
I see no reason why not.
I see no reason why she can't come back to the Continuum right now.
I see nothing so bitter about that.
I see nothing wrong with that.
I see nothing, Commander.
I see now it was too simple a puzzle.
I see that Ligos Seven is prone to periodic volcanic activity.
I see that not all fools die young.
I see that you are ready, Captain.
I see that you've asked to postpone your mission to the Argus sector.
I see that.
I see the Federation spy network has again provided you with faulty information.
I see the sadness in their eyes.
I see them.
I see time as a constant, whereas humans perceive time as flexible.
I see time has not been kind.
I see two traitors in our midst.
I see unyielding rock under an ocean of sand.
I see us one day becoming that, Q.
I see we can't talk about this.
I see where you're going, Data.
I see why you were so eager to find it.
I see you finally found a place to fit in.
I see you haven't run into her stubborn streak yet.
I see you keep up with our duty roster.
I see you remember me.
I see you two have met.
I see you've already met my star pupil.
I see you've done some redecorating.
I see you've found your Nausicaan friend.
I see you've made yourself at home.
I see you've snared the jackal.
I see your point, Captain, but at the time it seemed the proper thing to do.
I see, I see.
I see, sir.
I see.
I seem to be a bit warm.
I seem to be a little early.
I seem to be a mystery, Doctor.
I seem to be commenting on everything.
I seem to have a way of using up a place.
I seem to have made a rather disturbing discovery.
I seem to have reached an odd functional impasse.
I select what I want and then disregard the rest.
I sell information.
I sense a distressing lack of enthusiasm on your parts.
I sense a touch of hostility here, gentlemen.
I sense awakening memories in the boy.
I sense deliberate concealment, sir.
I sense great anger.
I sense no such dishonesty in Tomalak.
I sense no unusual reaction, Captain.
I sense nothing.
I sense that the alien is somehow calling him.
I sense the weight of this duty on you, Captain.
I sense you have a closed mind, Captain.
I sensed nothing unusual last night.
I sensed that all were not concerned for the same reason.
I sensed the same thing, Captain.
I sensed you suddenly felt uncomfortable.
I sent Worf to check the weapons locker on the relay station.
I sent for you.
I sent her home.
I sent one.?
I sequenced a DNA sample.
I serve in my own way.
I serve the Federation.
I served a proud family, a strong house.
I served as his personal assistant for the past five years.
I served on the Enterprise.
I served with him an ensign.
I set the auto-destruct sequencer before I left the ship.
I set the transporter confinement parameters to maximum.
I shall accompany you, Counsellor.
I shall accompany you.
I shall always picture you here.
I shall attempt to access the Proconsul's files.
I shall attempt to rewrite the locator subroutine.
I shall busy making arrangements for the conference.
I shall certainly avail myself of your help.
I shall destroy the entire rockface and every trace of DNA with it.
I shall do the same for all personnel.
I shall find there all the souls I love.
I shall have the secret of the other Federation ship.
I shall have to have a talk with him.
I shall miss you at weapons systems analysis.
I shall miss you, Geordi.
I shall not look upon his like again.
I shall pass on along to Captain Picard.
I shall personally miss you.
I shall return shortly with our witnesses.
I shall see you next month.
I shall sleep, until needed again.
I shall summon him for you.
I shall try some of your burned replicated bird meat.
I shall want an answer to that.
I shall welcome death when it comes.
I share it.
I share them.
I share your concern for your crew.
I should apologise for him.
I should be back on board the Enterprise.
I should be back with my brothers!
I should be dead but I'm not.
I should be feeling uncomfortable with all the changes in my body but, I don't.
I should be finished with my survey by eleven hundred hours.
I should be grateful for that.
I should be happy, but I'm not.
I should be picking something up by now.
I should be there to supervise.
I should be through with the water contaminant analysis in a few hours.
I should get back to work.
I should go.
I should have beamed you up.
I should have been able to stop them!
I should have been able to stop them.
I should have been more precise.
I should have brought up the Romulans earlier, but I was distracted.
I should have changed.
I should have done this a long time ago.
I should have explained this to you a long time ago, but it hurt too much.
I should have him followed, but we'll try it your way.
I should have known the Federation wasn't serious about this conference.
I should have known you'd pop up.
I should have listened to her.
I should have realised it wasn't Kosinski.
I should have realised.
I should have said Klingon.
I should have said Romulan, that Klingon goat!
I should have told him to mind his own damned business.
I should have told you straight out.
I should have walked away as soon as I saw what was happening.
I should hope not, Mister Data.
I should kill you for spreading lies about my family.
I should know everything that you know.
I should never have brought her along.
I should never have made that agreement with you.
I should not have been painting.
I should not have gotten so angry.
I should not have interfered.
I should not have resumed my painting?
I should not have sent the boy with him.
I should practice first.
I should reach it in approximately three minutes.
I should say Captain.
I should say.
I should send his complete records to the Academy infirmary.
I should take my own advice and go there to relax.
I should think the shifting passions of this beast would be far more terrifying.
I should think you'd be relieved to get away from the fighting.
I should warn you, sir.
I should've tried harder to stop him, but he.
I shouldn't be taking this trip at all.
I shouldn't even have this in Engineering.
I shouldn't have asked you.
I shouldn't have popped off like that in the turbolift.
I shouldn't have to.
I show Commander Data transmitting on a subspace channel.
I show no activity.
I shunted the database to the main core underneath the station.
I simply altered my premise for playing the game.
I simply cannot interfere.
I simply determined my own schedule based on observation and experience.
I simply don't know the risk of shutting down the beam.
I simply don't want to hurt you.
I simply felt angry.
I simply had no appetite.
I simply knew that a Klingon child required more attention than I could provide.
I simply said that I've never seen you laugh.
I simply want to know what is funny.
I sincerely hope so.
I sincerely hope that this is the last time that I find myself here.
I slapped Wesley.
I smell gas.
I so rarely get visitors of my own.
I speak as a Starfleet officer, and I cannot ignore the risks to you.
I speak for Lutan.
I speak for our family.
I spell knife with an N.
I spend my spare time charting the stars.
I spent a lot of time in that section before they took it over.
I spent a lot of time thinking about him.
I spent all of my time around technical gear.
I spent many an hour there.
I spent most of my time at Professor Wagner's phylobiology seminar.
I spent six weeks setting this up.
I spent ten years in the camps.
I spent too many math classes daydreaming about being on a starship.
I spent two weeks on that.
I spoke before I thought, sir.
I spoke to her commanding officer there.
I spoke to officer after officer, at length.
I spoke with your sister this morning.
I stand before you defrocked.
I stand by my decision.
I stand corrected.
I started it because, because I was young and cocky.
I started off calling you Beverly, and of course, naturally, you.
I started that fight with those Nausicaans.
I started to hear from him less and less.
I stated it, damn it.
I stay informed on a wide variety of subjects.
I stay, right?
I stayed.
I still can't believe I did it.
I still can't believe I'm seeing you like this again, after all these years.
I still can't believe they chose me.
I still can't believe you were infected by one of our children.
I still can't locate the homing signal.
I still can't locate the source of the damn signal.
I still can't.
I still cannot report any significant access.
I still do.
I still don't know what to make of it.
I still don't like you, Jean-Luc.
I still don't remember having one.
I still don't see why we can't get the engines started.
I still have a phaser.
I still have friends in high places.
I still have it.
I still have my doubts, Picard.
I still have some time, sir.
I still have the emotional programme my father designed.
I still have the scar.
I still have to replace three power couplings.
I still haven't been able to get any power to this transporter.
I still love you.
I still might.
I still say they look better in sauce.
I still see nothing unusual.
I still think this is a mistake.
I stopped by his quarters on my way over.
I stopped by your quarters, Wes.
I stopped them.
I strongly protest!
I strongly suggest that you do not discuss your surveillance teams with him.
I strongly urge you to request an emergency session of the Federation Council.
I stuck with it.
I study people carefully in order to more closely approximate human behaviour.
I stunned one of them.
I submit that he decided to murder Commander Riker.
I successfully planted a command into the Borg collective consciousness, sir.
I suddenly became dizzy.
I suggest Commander Riker or Data would better serve Special Emissary K'Ehleyr.
I suggest a steady pace, not a brisk one.
I suggest shutting them down.
I suggest that you cooperate.
I suggest we
I suggest we beam a repair crew aboard the Array.
I suggest we beam a section aboard for analysis.
I suggest we both leave the Neutral Zone before there is another accident.
I suggest we coast into the rift.
I suggest we examine the memory subsystem next.
I suggest we look around to see if anybody is home.
I suggest we move the ship as they've asked.
I suggest we postpone our greetings for another occasion.
I suggest we separate and blend in with these beings.
I suggest we start from there.
I suggest working out an equitable system with the rules clearly spelled out.
I suggest you are now having second thoughts it.
I suggest you centre your attention on this trial, Captain.
I suggest you change your attitude.
I suggest you do the same.
I suggest you drop it, Mister Data.
I suggest you find a new line of work.
I suggest you get some rest.
I suggest you head for Meles Two.
I suggest you leave.
I suggest you make that on the double, Tasha.
I suggest you pay closer attention, Commander.
I suggest you return Timicin and depart.
I suggest you take it and leave.
I suggest you try the viinerine.
I suggest you use them wisely.
I suggested the zylo eggs.
I suppose I am, Captain.
I suppose I am.
I suppose I could find a few hours to spend on the holodeck.
I suppose I did.
I suppose I have learned to be creative, sir, when necessary.
I suppose I have little choice.
I suppose I must accept that possibility.
I suppose I should say Captain Picard.
I suppose I should thank you.
I suppose I shouldn't have expected anything different.
I suppose I'll go back to my room now and get ready for the reception.
I suppose because you have it too hot in here.
I suppose he could've been too busy.
I suppose he could, sir, but the Admiral's a rather remarkable man.
I suppose it depends on how people perceive time.
I suppose it had to happen to you.
I suppose it is a factor in the human desire to procreate.
I suppose it will have to do, for now.
I suppose it's a little like meeting someone's twin.
I suppose it's an understandable progression.
I suppose it's just instinctive.
I suppose none.
I suppose not.
I suppose she might think so.
I suppose so, but.
I suppose that is acceptable.
I suppose that proves this is not a dream, doesn't it?
I suppose that's true.
I suppose the warp coil.
I suppose they were foolish and vain, my expectations of this voyage.
I suppose they've sent the metamorph.
I suppose this is your first visit to a junkyard, isn't it?
I suppose we all find ways to confront our greatest fears.
I suppose we could do that.
I suppose we could increase the anti-matter charges.
I suppose we could travel back in time.
I suppose we'd better find out if the report is accurate or merely rumour.
I suppose we're lucky you came at all.
I suppose you mean that as a compliment, Q.
I suppose you want a thousand year old witness?
I suppose you'll just have to go down there and find out.
I suppose you're worried about your fish, too.
I suppose, I suppose it must be.
I suppose.
I sure wish I could talk to the last people who saw him alive.
I sure wish you'd put that away.
I suspect conspiracy.
I suspect he knows more.
I suspect he's pretty good at evading capture.
I suspect that even time travellers are vulnerable to the Colt forty five.
I suspect the number was much greater.
I suspect they travelled through the transporter beam.
I suspect you shook this ship in order to get my attention.
I suspect you're right.
I suspected as much.
I suspected that something like this might occur.
I suspected you would attempt to operate the interface alone.
I suspicious.
I swear he's got it in for me.
I switched the transponder codes.
I take care of myself these days.
I take charge of every situation.
I take complete responsibility.
I take injections.
I take it he found something wrong in Engineering?
I take it that is your name?
I take it the Sheliak just hung up on us again.
I take it the mind-meld was a success?
I take it you find no glitch at all in this planet, however?
I take it you have never seen a Romulan before.
I take my killing very seriously, Doctor.
I take responsibility for all that displeases you.
I take that to be a yes.
I take the risks, Mister Riker, and I stand by my agreements.
I talked to the Captain.
I taught him everything he knows.
I tell you that some of Starfleet's top command people are changing.
I tell you, he's been acting kind of strange lately.
I tell you, that razorbeast was a good friend.
I tend to agree with Mister Worf, Captain.
I tend to agree, Number One.
I tend to agree, but the captain's orders on this are very clear.
I tend to feel my way through a situation.
I tested this medicine on skin samples from your father.
I thank you for your sympathy, but she is here.
I thank you, Counsellor.
I thawed them.
I then drew an entire bird.
I think Captain Varley may have been right.
I think Doctor Reyga was right about his shield.
I think Doctor Reyga's shield does work.
I think Doctor Selar's on duty.
I think I busted a rib.
I think I can arrange that.
I think I can be of some help down there.
I think I can distract Orton for a few seconds.
I think I can do this.
I think I can figure it out.
I think I can help you with that, Captain.
I think I can make it.
I think I can manage it.
I think I can muddle my way through.
I think I can use it to interrupt the sentry's electrical pattern.
I think I can use it to simulate the pulse sent by the shuttle.
I think I can use the tricorder to set up a multiphase pulse.
I think I can.
I think I could be persuaded to play one more game.
I think I could conjure up an interesting programme or two.
I think I could handle that, yes.
I think I could have done it, if I put my mind to it.
I think I could persuade him to.
I think I did come back so that you could help me.
I think I figured out their computer controls, sir, but I'm not sure.
I think I hate this plan.
I think I have an idea what the rules are.
I think I have an idea.
I think I have been very, very patient.
I think I have to agree with the Counsellor.
I think I have.
I think I just hurt my back.
I think I just opened them.
I think I know a way to get us home.
I think I know what she's doing.
I think I know what the Captain's talking about.
I think I know what you're saying.
I think I know what's wrong.
I think I know why I've been having the dreams about danger.
I think I may sneeze.
I think I need some advice.
I think I need to talk to a parent.
I think I need you to persuade me.
I think I preferred you the way you were before, Beverly.
I think I should apologise, Captain.
I think I should be going now.
I think I should go give him a hand.
I think I should leave all the explanations to the Admiral.
I think I should meet with this Acost Jared.
I think I understand now.
I think I understand the predicament you were in.
I think I was, but I was brought back to life.
I think I will always feel like this.
I think I will.
I think I'd better clear my calendar for the next few weeks.
I think I'd better get a little rest.
I think I'd better go back.
I think I'd like to go back to the surface now.
I think I'd still run an ico-gram.
I think I'll do that, sir.
I think I'll get back to bed.
I think I'll go check out Engineering.
I think I'll go on the tour.
I think I'll go update my itinerary.
I think I'll go write that letter to Carmen's family.
I think I'll just take a walk.
I think I'll leave that to the Captain.
I think I'll pass on that.
I think I'll quit while I'm ahead.
I think I'll take this opportunity to remove my ears.
I think I'll try a little old-fashioned country medicine.
I think I'll try an old-fashioned knock on the door.
I think I'm aware of your opinion, Commander.
I think I'm on to something.
I think I'm still useful.
I think I'm very lucky.
I think I've been perfectly clear.
I think I've come up with an idea for a containment field.
I think I've developed tennis elbow.
I think I've filtered out some of the sensor noise.
I think I've found a way to reinstate your vocal authorisations.
I think I've found something.
I think I've found the archive's transformation programme.
I think I've found them.
I think I've got it now.
I think I've got it.
I think I've made a horrible mistake.
I think I've made a mistake.
I think I've made enough progress for one day.
I think I've.
I think Lieutenant Pierce found out the other two were having an affair.
I think a lot about what happened, especially on that last day.
I think after yesterday, people will not be as ready to trust her.
I think all the control processors are shot.
I think he deserves some leeway.
I think he got scared.
I think he had reddish hair.
I think he has more than a passing interest in what happens to me.
I think he has.
I think he just tends to get confused when his human qualities surface.
I think he understands.
I think he was impressed with you.
I think he went to get something.
I think he'll find our offer appealing.
I think he's Betazoid.
I think he's a plant to draw us into the Neutral Zone.
I think he's actually grown since you dropped him off.
I think he's dead.
I think he's handling it very well.
I think he's in Engineering.
I think he's on to you, sir.
I think he's pretty special.
I think he's pulling your leg.
I think he's right, Captain.
I think he's right.
I think he's serious.
I think he's the logical choice.
I think he's the reason the Rekags fired on us.
I think her feelings were hurt.
I think her only real regret was that she let you down.
I think if you just gave him a chance, you'd find him an outstanding officer.
I think it be, but we have no great cause to desire the approach of day.
I think it believes that it has run us off for good.
I think it belongs to you.
I think it best if you proceed to Rekag-Seronia aboard the Enterprise.
I think it came from the propulsion system.
I think it demands a response from us.
I think it is perhaps best to be ignorant of certain elements of Klingon psyche.
I think it is reasonable to take precautions.
I think it is time that we had a new commander.
I think it is time we had another conversation with Lieutenant Pierce.
I think it is.
I think it must be some sort of medical instrument.
I think it needs a little more help.
I think it needs a little work.
I think it suits you.
I think it was fairly clear during your last appointment.
I think it was only fifty percent brilliant.
I think it was some form of ritual suicide.
I think it would be a shame for Starfleet to lose someone of your potential.
I think it would be best if I stayed out of the way of the Commander.
I think it would be helpful if I.
I think it would be in your best interest to take a leave of absence.
I think it would be nice if you took us back to Ten Forward.
I think it would be only fair.
I think it would.
I think it's a good idea.
I think it's a sign of strength.
I think it's a waste of effort to test our combat skills.
I think it's all right to suggest limits for the Ambassador.
I think it's around here somewhere.
I think it's coming from this service duct over here.
I think it's dangerous.
I think it's despicable.
I think it's exaggerated.
I think it's reasonable to assume that they're related somehow, wouldn't you?
I think it's reconfiguring the tricorder.
I think it's some sort of shuttlecraft.
I think it's something we have to consider.
I think it's the best job in the universe.
I think it's the same phenomenon that affected Geordi.
I think it's time I paid my respects.
I think it's time that you and I had a talk with Maques.
I think it's time to make a stand.
I think it's time to put it behind you.
I think it's time we set some limits.
I think it's time we talked about that.
I think it's time we talked to the Captain about Broccoli.
I think it's time we to leave this place.
I think it's time you told me what this is all about.
I think it's trying to determine if we are a life force.
I think it's wonderful but I need a second opinion.
I think it's wonderful.
I think it's working.
I think it's worse than that.
I think it's worth a try.
I think maybe my biggest asset is patience.
I think my horsemanship is a little rusty for the Himalayas.
I think not, Mister Worf.
I think of her a lot.
I think one thing is clear.
I think our link is getting stronger.
I think our lives just became a lot more complicated.
I think she would fear me.
I think she'd like that.
I think she's a governess.
I think she's hiding.
I think she's real for you, and that is real enough for me.
I think she's the best technician in the fleet.
I think so too.
I think so, Captain.
I think so, Mister Data.
I think so, perhaps in Ten Forward.
I think somebody needs a hug.
I think that
I think that Devinoni is the one that we need to watch out for.
I think that I preferred your eyes the way they were before.
I think that deserves some kind of explanation.
I think that everything that's been going wrong might be my fault.
I think that it uses some kind of phased-pulse technology.
I think that it's time I met Commander Sela.
I think that may be what they're after, but it may not.
I think that much was obvious.
I think that now would be quite nice.
I think that synthehol heightens one's appreciation for the genuine article.
I think that the Romulans are just hoping to create a distraction.
I think that the mines on Ligos Seven can be very hazardous.
I think that will be sufficient.
I think that you are beginning to tire.
I think that you should enjoy the hospitality of the ship.
I think that's a little harsh.
I think that's a little premature.
I think that's a valid concern.
I think that's an option we should be considering.
I think that's enough talking.
I think that's enough, Chief O'Brien.
I think that's nice.
I think that's the first time anyone's used that particular word to describe me.
I think that's the truth.
I think that's what caused the muscular and systemic contractions.
I think that's what happened twelve years ago.
I think the Captain understands that.
I think the Captain's lucky you're on his side.
I think the Iconians might have out-foxed their enemies.
I think the chances of that is remote.
I think the mortality fail-safe may have been circumvented.
I think the one over there knows something.
I think the other children were a little intimidated by him.
I think the resemblance is rather striking.
I think there's a malfunction in the engine's intermix chamber.
I think there's a purpose here.
I think there's a real possibility they may have brutalised the child.
I think there's more to you than meets the eye, Lieutenant.
I think therefore I am.
I think they represent different aspects of the ship.
I think they were acting as individuals.
I think they were headed there.
I think they were transformed into another species.
I think they will.
I think they'll have to use a bicaridine substitute.
I think they're at their maximum.
I think they're trapped just like we are.
I think they're trying to get neurochemicals from our brains.
I think this is one of those times.
I think this'll make a difference, all right.
I think this'll work, Reg.
I think we can do it.
I think we can find a new planet, an M class world, that can be their new home.
I think we can get underway in a few hours.
I think we can give the Captain a new bargaining chip.
I think we can handle the situation.
I think we can relax, Mister Worf.
I think we could all use a twelve hour layover.
I think we could narrow this down with a little common sense, Data.
I think we could risk a minimal away team, Number One.
I think we got their attention.
I think we have all the time we can handle as it is.
I think we have another sensor glitch.
I think we have seen all there is to see here.
I think we have to proceed normally and deal with each situation as it occurs.
I think we have to risk it.
I think we have to take the risk.
I think we have.
I think we may have something here.
I think we might be looking at some kind of technological problem.
I think we need more water.
I think we ought to call Central Security.
I think we shall end up with a fine crew, if we avoid temptation.
I think we shall find we have much in common.
I think we should assume the worst, that everyone on the Bridge is dead.
I think we should begin our search in the Romulan engine room.
I think we should drop out of warp.
I think we should follow that man.
I think we should get out of their way now.
I think we should just wait until we find out what they want.
I think we should let her try.
I think we should limit their access while they're on board.
I think we should look at modifying the plasma phaser design.
I think we should prepare for that contingency.
I think we should respond.
I think we should take the Doctor's advice.
I think we work on the assumption they've all been destroyed.
I think we're being probed.
I think we're going to be all right in here.
I think we're going to be okay.
I think we're going to lose Warren.
I think we're ready, Captain.
I think we're the last.
I think we've found a way to speed that up a bit.
I think we've found the man.
I think we've found the problem.
I think we've found the shuttle's energy signature.
I think we've got something.
I think we've made a lot of progress.
I think what we've gained far outweighs anything that might have been lost.
I think what you're saying is that you're lonely.
I think when one has been angry for a very long time, one gets used to it.
I think you all realise what this shielding process could mean.
I think you are affected, sir, far more than you realise.
I think you are.
I think you can work on strengthening these muscles again.
I think you do know what I mean.
I think you don't tell them so you can gain an advantage.
I think you enjoy it.
I think you have a ship coming for you.
I think you have me at a disadvantage.
I think you just did.
I think you know a great deal more about me than I know about you.
I think you know exactly what I'm saying.
I think you know that's impossible.
I think you know that's not true.
I think you know that, Father.
I think you might want to come to the Bridge.
I think you need some sleep.
I think you need to continue to develop.
I think you should be careful.
I think you should be destroyed.
I think you should be flattered.
I think you should be the one to deliver the eulogy.
I think you should come down here.
I think you should forget about Starfleet and play dom-jot for a living.
I think you should know Barclay's been running some unique programs.
I think you should know he and I have had a prior relationship.
I think you should know, this has never been attempted before.
I think you should pursue it.
I think you should see these readings, Doctor.
I think you should wait until your levels return to normal.
I think you should.
I think you will approve.
I think you will find that attitude prevalent among all the Enterprise people.
I think you will find that they can also be a weakness.
I think you would have been proud of her.
I think you would like it there.
I think you would prefer to discuss this in private.
I think you'd be better at something like that.
I think you'd better come and look at this.
I think you'd better come out here, sir.
I think you'd better come take a look at this.
I think you'd better come to the Medical Lab.
I think you'd better come with me.
I think you'd better get in here.
I think you'd better see for yourself, Captain.
I think you'd better stick to engineering, Lieutenant.
I think you'd better take a look at this.
I think you'd find the tools we use rather unusual, sir.
I think you'll find the briefing interesting.
I think you'll find the ship to be in splendid condition.
I think you'll like serving on board the Ajax.
I think you'll like this.
I think you're a very handsome woman.
I think you're going to enjoy the twenty fourth century, Mister Scott.
I think you're insubordinate, arrogant.
I think you're on solid scientific ground.
I think you're overreacting.
I think you're really over-reacting.
I think you're still trying to figure out where you are.
I think you're under more stress than you'd like to admit.
I think you're worth further study.
I think you've got a great deal to learn from Starfleet.
I think you've had a little too much to drink.
I think you've had enough time to find out whatever it is you're looking for.
I think you've let your personal feelings cloud your judgement.
I think you've lost your perspective, Captain.
I think you've missed the point, my dear.
I think you've mistaken me for someone else.
I think, I don't remember.
I think, Number One, we cannot assume anything.
I think, for now, circumstances warrant caution, nothing more.
I think, therefore I am.
I thought	 that the weather control malfunction was not severe.
I thought Anya would have kept you with her.
I thought Commander Data's expertise.
I thought I explained that my brother had misplaced the key to the safe.
I thought I had blacked out for a moment and had not observed your movements.
I thought I had escaped you.
I thought I had.
I thought I heard one of the Engineers say something about a power transfer.
I thought I knew you, Kyle.
I thought I might explore the ruins on Sarthong Five.
I thought I might join you for a stroll.
I thought I might.
I thought I said this was to be kept a secret.
I thought I should see how you were doing.
I thought I told you to go home.
I thought I understood you, Picard, but I don't understand this.
I thought I wanted to be alone, but I guess I don't.
I thought I was Captain of this starship.
I thought I was alone.
I thought I was being cute but I really hurt him.
I thought I was going crazy.
I thought I was on Barkon Four.
I thought I was the empath.
I thought I would not have to share the sky with you.
I thought I wouldn't see you again.
I thought I'd never see you again.
I thought I'd take some light reading in case I got bored.
I thought I'd taken into account all of the variables.
I thought Lieutenant Powell was going to join us tonight?
I thought Lumerians were empathic.
I thought a minor war.
I thought about telling you.
I thought about you a lot.
I thought all the alien artefacts had disappeared from the Enterprise.
I thought every shipment coming into the Zone was searched.
I thought everyone knew.
I thought for a minute we had a problem.
I thought he could handle it if I gave him a chance.
I thought he looked uncomfortable.
I thought he'd never leave.
I thought if I hung on for more day, they'd rescue me.
I thought it important for you to see him again.
I thought it might be nice to spend some time alone together.
I thought it might be significant, sir.
I thought it might look good on me.
I thought it was Tuesday when it was Wednesday.
I thought it was a topic you were interested in.
I thought it was brilliant.
I thought it was just curiosity.
I thought it was pretty self-explanatory.
I thought it was to be with you, Deanna.
I thought it would be fatal if you left the holodeck.
I thought it would be romantic, but it's empty.
I thought it would bring me some comfort.
I thought it would feel good.
I thought it would make you feel better.
I thought maybe I'd find something new.
I thought of Jack, I went to see Wesley, the flash in Engineering.
I thought of asking for a volunteer.
I thought one, maybe two.
I thought seven and eleven had value.
I thought she might be valuable to you.
I thought she was crazy, but it worked.
I thought she'd never leave.
I thought so as well.
I thought somehow, somehow I was operating on his level.
I thought that I had made that clear.
I thought that I might show you your quarters first.
I thought that I was the only reason you came to Tagus.
I thought that had been taken care of in advance, Tasha.
I thought that he might be able to provide some insights.
I thought that the protagonist a little too flamboyant, but for the rest I
I thought that time was suspended on this ship.
I thought that was deck eleven.
I thought that was uninhabited.
I thought that we could talk this out, that I could try to persuade you.
I thought that went well, didn't you?
I thought that would be enough.
I thought that you might consider sending him to the training Academy on Ogat.
I thought that you'd be happy.
I thought that's that why you brought it up.
I thought the Ferengi always made a profit on things.
I thought the Tarellians were all dead What are the poor devils doing here?
I thought the cake was chocolate.
I thought the two of you would like a chance to visit.
I thought the voice sounded familiar.
I thought there was nothing that could frighten a Klingon warrior.
I thought there were only going to be two of you.
I thought they were extinct.
I thought they were going to kill my father.
I thought they were supposed to be back online yesterday.
I thought they weren't interested in human life forms, only our technology.
I thought this as well.
I thought this was just a simulation.
I thought to myself, this woman is ice through to her bones.
I thought twice was pushing it a little.
I thought we agreed you'd come to me before checking Starfleet Medical Database.
I thought we had discussed genetronics.
I thought we had five weeks.
I thought we were best friends.
I thought we were the only manned Federation vessel out here.
I thought we'd have fun together, once you could really see me.
I thought we'd settled this.
I thought you already were in the Academy.
I thought you could use a friend.
I thought you deserved that much.
I thought you didn't dance.
I thought you didn't have any family.
I thought you didn't like people.
I thought you had a date.
I thought you had compensated for that.
I thought you had no sense of humour.
I thought you had potential.
I thought you knew that.
I thought you knew.
I thought you liked it here.
I thought you might be able to tell me about them.
I thought you might be lonely.
I thought you might be out of breath.
I thought you might be thinking about me.
I thought you might enjoy the Bridge, Miss Brianon.
I thought you might find this interesting, Mister Crusher.
I thought you might have a change of heart.
I thought you might like some company, if you're not too busy.
I thought you might like to meet Christina.
I thought you might like to see this.
I thought you might like to talk about it.
I thought you might.
I thought you reviewed their laws.
I thought you said the Enterprise was faster than this Romulan.
I thought you said there were six.
I thought you said were alone.
I thought you said you accepted what you'd done.
I thought you said your ship was the safest place I could be.
I thought you should see this.
I thought you shut down the entire system.
I thought you two should meet.
I thought you understood me.
I thought you understood.
I thought you wanted me to help you go.
I thought you wanted me.
I thought you were a bit more evolved than the rest of your species.
I thought you were brilliant.
I thought you were dead.
I thought you were different.
I thought you were going there to reunite two warring parties.
I thought you were going to be at the concert last night.
I thought you were going to help me find some answers.
I thought you were going to your quarters to sleep.
I thought you were just going to talk to him.
I thought you were my friend.
I thought you were still on Relva Seven.
I thought you were the gambling foreman.
I thought you were willing to settle for second.
I thought you would be in your quarters.
I thought you would find that interesting.
I thought you would.
I thought you'd already decided on a chronological structure.
I thought you'd be alone.
I thought you'd be comfortable here.
I thought you'd be deep in negotiations by now.
I thought you'd be hard at work by now.
I thought you'd like me.
I thought you'd never ask.
I thought you'd never get here.
I thought your study of Kurlan artefacts was done long ago.
I thought, I don't know, I thought I should tell you.
I threw the ball past him.
I told a joke.
I told him I'd feed him while he was gone.
I told him I'd think about it.
I told him it was dangerous.
I told him it was illogical to maintain such an expectation.
I told him we shouldn't colonise so close to the Cardassians.
I told him we will miss him.
I told the Captain to agree to all their terms.
I told the professor I'd present it to the Daystrom Institute for study.
I told them I was from another village far from here.
I told you I don't remember what happened.
I told you I just needed to get back into space again.
I told you he was the best.
I told you he was yours to deal with.
I told you it would be harder to resist than you thought.
I told you not to speak with him.
I told you she would.
I told you that Starfleet would bring you to a bad end, but you wouldn't listen.
I told you that you would do something that no Klingon had ever done before.
I told you to stop calling me that.
I told you we did not kill the woman.
I told you we'd make a wonderful team.
I told you we'd meet again.
I told you, I prefer equals.
I told you, I wasn't hallucinating.
I told you, I'm extremely knowledgeable about Valt.
I told you, I've seen you here before.
I told you, Starfleet isn't for me.
I told you, he's in the holodeck.
I told you, he's lost his memory and we're calling him Jayden for now.
I told you, they're here to help.
I told you, this cell is already beginning to degenerate.
I told you, you would have to kill me to get me away from here.
I too am look forward to learning more about you.
I too wish they could fly free, but I have no choice.
I took a big risk today.
I took a class at the Academy.
I took advantage.
I took both of them.
I took care of your grandmother's house and her affairs.
I took him in accordance with my peoples' traditions.
I took him.
I took the codes, but I killed no one.
I took the initiative.
I took the liberty of creating a holodeck programme.
I took the turbo tube, or whatever you call it.
I took training as a medical technician and I served at several outposts.
I took way too much off last time.
I tracked them to that bar on Dessica Two.
I travel the river of blood.
I tried a new rybo-therapy I've been working with.
I tried at Deanna's funeral.
I tried it and was punished.
I tried so hard, but I wasn't strong enough.
I tried talking to you yesterday on the station.
I tried to be what everybody expected of me.
I tried to caution you, sir.
I tried to contact him over subspace.
I tried to experience the richness and diversity of the two worlds.
I tried to explain before.
I tried to fight them off with the nisroh Worf gave me.
I tried to fight them off.
I tried to fool the Husnock as I tried to fool you.
I tried to kill him yesterday.
I tried to tell him, but I couldn't.
I tried to veer away, but it was too late and I was hit.
I tried variations of the programme, others appeared, but not Minuet.
I tried.
I trust I did nothing unbecoming to a Starfleet officer?
I trust Keel completely.
I trust him completely.
I trust his instincts.
I trust it will be the same with Farpoint Station, Commander.
I trust my crew, Ambassador.
I trust that that can be avoided.
I trust the man who spoke to me.
I trust the process we have built with the Romulans over the past four years.
I trust we made your waiting comfortable?
I trust you are in complete agreement.
I trust you have made your son aware of that fact as well.
I trust you slept well?
I trust you've enjoyed your visit.
I trust, Ambassador, that this cargo is in no way dangerous?
I trusted you.
I try not to disregard her wishes, I want the boy to honour his mother.
I try to but she doesn't listen.
I turn sixty in four days, Minister.
I understand all too well.
I understand death.
I understand fully.
I understand he was seen in the Dorias cluster not too long ago.
I understand he's somewhere on this deck.
I understand his frustration.
I understand it involves deep meditation in the lava caves of No'Mat.
I understand one of these devices successfully repaired a faulty power grid.
I understand that Arkaria has some very interesting weather patterns.
I understand that he requested the Enterprise specifically.
I understand that you are a student of archaeology.
I understand that you think it's necessary.
I understand that you were there.
I understand that you'll be serving on board the Bortas.
I understand that you've relieved Doctor Russell of duty.
I understand the Horatio was in orbit around Dytallix.
I understand the allusion.
I understand the externals, not the mysteries.
I understand the importance of having you here, but keep out from underfoot.
I understand the psychology.
I understand the risk, sir.
I understand the source of your misperception.
I understand there are nuances that only Kerelians can pick up.
I understand there aren't many qualifications.
I understand these are human beings, Counsellor, with free will.
I understand this is difficult.
I understand this must be disturbing for you, but try to relax.
I understand we have a guest on board.
I understand why my father chose to mind-meld with him.
I understand you have a problem.
I understand you lived in my old room.
I understand you perfectly.
I understand you wish to join Starfleet.
I understand you're an empath.
I understand you're holding a Starfleet officer named Jean-Luc Picard.
I understand you're leaving for Starbase Five One Five.
I understand you've been talking to every shuttle pilot on board.
I understand you've had some interesting dreams recently.
I understand your confusion.
I understand your desire to preserve your family's honour.
I understand your desperation.
I understand your feelings, Number One.
I understand your intellectual prowess is equally impressive.
I understand your loss, We all admired K'Ehleyr.
I understand your moral objections, Captain.
I understand your reaction.
I understand your sacrifice, Captain.
I understand your skepticism.
I understand your son was here to see you.
I understand, Captain.
I understand, Commander.
I understand, Doctor.
I understand, Mister La Forge.
I understand, Number One.
I understand, although not everybody on my planet would.
I understand, and I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable.
I understand, but I also know what this crew is capable of, even if they don't.
I understand, but let go of it.
I understand, but there are other departments waiting to use the array.
I understand, sir, and I do intend to reapply.
I urge you, Captain Picard, surrender.
I use their contractions.
I use this as my sanctuary.
I used a phaser to cut it free.
I used my imagination.
I used to be a warp field specialist on the old Excelsior class.
I used to be stationed on Tyrellia.
I used to build them when I was a child.
I used to live near the ocean on Zadar Four.
I used to sit under that tree and watch the drills, picture myself an officer.
I used to spend hours just lying on a hill, looking up.
I used to work for a living.
I usually know their thoughts before they do.
I usually travel light.
I visited there twelve years ago, while commanding the Stargazer.
I voided them while we've been talking.
I volunteer for the procedure.
I volunteer that they are now observing us, sir.
I volunteered for extra time in the nursery.
I volunteered tonight.
I waited a long time.
I waited all day.
I walked here from the mountains.
I walked right through it when I came in here.
I walked.
I want Data.
I want Geordi to analyse the readings from Beverly's tricorder.
I want Jameson.
I want Lieutenant Yar to become my First One.
I want Mister Clemens kept under escort at all times.
I want Mommy to read me a story.
I want Okona now!
I want a Security team stationed outside Sickbay, Mister Worf.
I want a career, and I want to join Starfleet.
I want a frank answer, Commander.
I want a full genetic analysis.
I want a level one diagnostic across the board.
I want a level one diagnostic on all transporters.
I want a resolution of point five three at the very least.
I want a signal lock on every member of the perimeter teams.
I want a slow reverse into drop off over five minutes.
I want a staff meeting in five minutes.
I want a vacuum there.
I want about a six second delay.
I want all that money.
I want all the information he has access to.
I want all the information we can gather.
I want all the power you can give me.
I want an alternate plan in two hours.
I want an escort for this man.
I want an explanation of this by the time we reach Parliament.
I want answers!
I want answers, not conjecture.
I want continuous subspace sweeps.
I want every idea on the table.
I want every metre of Nelvana Three monitored.
I want every possible security measure taken to protect that person.
I want everything there is to know about the starship Enterprise.
I want her returned immediately.
I want her to feel that she's welcome aboard the Enterprise.
I want him kept under constant surveillance.
I want him now.
I want him off all the drugs.
I want him released.
I want him sedated.
I want him to pay for that, Picard.
I want him to stop.
I want him.
I want his story checked out.
I want hourly progress reports from all stations.
I want it all, now.
I want it in shuttlebay two for examination.
I want it more than anything, but I can't have it!
I want it now.
I want it out there, just as you have yours.
I want like to show it to you.
I want my existence.
I want my warp engines back now.
I want nothing more to do with you.
I want options and I want them before we encounter the Klingon ship.
I want security on his door twenty nine hours a day, and I want this kept quiet.
I want some answers from you now, Commander Riker.
I want some better options.
I want some explanations from Lutan.
I want some options.
I want something by oh nine hundred hours.
I want something that will really help.
I want that clear.
I want that four percent, Lieutenant.
I want that ico-spectrogram run on the Selcundi Drema system.
I want that information, Commander.
I want that man on this ship.
I want that old man, Picard.
I want that point one percent.
I want the Captain out of there now.
I want the Pakleds on that screen and I want them now.
I want the android out of here.
I want the boy brought here now.
I want the cloning equipment inspected.
I want the fleet underway by oh nine hundred tomorrow.
I want the four of you out of here.
I want the location of Outpost twenty three.
I want the trilithium resin in there and secured before the sweep gets here.
I want them returned to their quarters under guard.
I want this Lieutenant Worf.
I want this one.
I want this report with dispatch.
I want this ship prepared for battle, in case your plan doesn't work.
I want this thing cleared up.
I want this unit pulled and its systems checked again.
I want those teams up here as fast as possible.
I want those tricorder readings analysed by fourteen hundred hours.
I want to assure you that we've not forgotten you.
I want to be able to involve myself in other people's laughter.
I want to be able to pull him out of there in case we have to.
I want to be back at this asteroid at oh eight hundred hours tomorrow.
I want to be here when he presents it.
I want to be here, with you.
I want to be ready for anything.
I want to be returned to my ship immediately.
I want to be up for it.
I want to begin a methodical search.
I want to believe.
I want to change my image.
I want to channel all of the graviton energy into a single burst.
I want to check on Lieutenant Worf.
I want to concentrate on my music.
I want to confront him, settle this matter.
I want to discuss that with your Captain.
I want to do it, Captain.
I want to do something too.
I want to end the suffering of one of my crewmembers.
I want to explain.
I want to feel everything.	 But I am a Vulcan.
I want to feel.
I want to find out what killed him.
I want to free him from the styrolite.
I want to get my hands on the computer core.
I want to go and see my parents first.
I want to go over this again.
I want to go over to her.
I want to go to the, er.
I want to go.
I want to hear everything about you.
I want to help you.
I want to help.
I want to insure your return to this ship.
I want to keep bringing people up until the last possible second.
I want to know about her biological parents, about their death.
I want to know anything you can tell me that could help.
I want to know everything about it as quickly as possible.
I want to know everything.
I want to know more about what happened down on Gravesworld.
I want to know what has happened to Data.
I want to know what it was.
I want to know what went wrong.
I want to know where it came from.
I want to know who brought us in here and why.
I want to know why this happened.
I want to know why we are going on this mission.
I want to leave this holodeck.
I want to leave this place.
I want to leave, as do many others.
I want to live my life.
I want to make her feel at ease.
I want to make sure nothing will happen to her.
I want to make you more comfortable.
I want to meet your mother.
I want to minimise the risk of contact with the inhabitants.
I want to minimize the chances of any incident.
I want to put all this behind me as soon as possible.
I want to reassure you that we have no hostile intention.
I want to remain on the Enterprise.
I want to run a hypothalamic series right away.
I want to save lives, Captain.
I want to see Data!
I want to see Data.
I want to see elements zero two hundred through zero three hundred.
I want to see how you react to being imprisoned.
I want to see if there's a pattern.
I want to see if there's any tetryon traces.
I want to see in shallow, dim, beautiful human ways.
I want to see my people in the shuttle.
I want to see neutral representative.
I want to see you in Sickbay too.
I want to show him this world he helped to make.
I want to speak privately with Sovereign Marouk and Picard.
I want to speak to her personally about her son.
I want to speak with Kivas Fajo.
I want to start making plans.
I want to start with as wide a margin of safety as possible.
I want to stay here with you, Captain.
I want to stay here with you.
I want to suggest something.
I want to take a closer look at this.
I want to take that twentieth century historian.
I want to talk to her.
I want to talk to him.
I want to talk to you about a matter of protocol.
I want to talk to you about uncoupling the Heisenberg compensators.
I want to talk to you.
I want to talk with Captain Picard alone.
I want to tell you how happy I am to be assigned to the Enterprise.
I want to thank you for your caring, for your standing by me.
I want to try hypnosis on both of you.
I want to try to communicate with it.
I want to understand it.
I want to use the shuttlecraft for low level reconnaissance.
I want us to be a family.
I want very much for you to understand.
I want you and the others to stay here until I return.
I want you back on the Enterprise.
I want you both to be completely familiar with it.
I want you down in the Engine room just in case we need to move out of here.
I want you on the Bridge.
I want you out of there at the first sign of trouble.
I want you to assist me in performing the Hegh'bat ceremony.
I want you to be Alexander's Soh-chIm.
I want you to be absolutely clear on this point, Mister Crusher.
I want you to be very careful with your wompat from now on, Jil Orra.
I want you to conduct the exercises personally, Will.
I want you to consider her plan as a fall back position.
I want you to consider yourself my brother.
I want you to continue scanning this system.
I want you to discover which one of them has killed me.
I want you to ensure them of safe passage between Ten Forward to the cargo bay.
I want you to examine her shuttle.
I want you to explain it.
I want you to find out from him who they are.
I want you to flood them with anestazine.
I want you to get close to him.
I want you to get the Enterprise into the Neutral Zone before it's too late.
I want you to go there as well.
I want you to go through them.
I want you to have a place at my side as we restore honour to our people.
I want you to have it.
I want you to hear what she and Brull have to say.
I want you to help me die.
I want you to identify something for me, if you can.
I want you to join him.
I want you to kill him there, in front of many witnesses.
I want you to kill him.
I want you to know exactly where I stand.
I want you to know that I am aware of your discomfort.
I want you to know that I am not unsympathetic to what you're going through.
I want you to know that I ask no more of you than I am prepared to give myself.
I want you to know we're very proud of the science fair winners.
I want you to know what really happened.
I want you to know, Lieutenant Worf, that I understand your duty in this matter.
I want you to leave now.
I want you to lie down.
I want you to light the candle.
I want you to lock the transporter.
I want you to look into it, Doctor.
I want you to meet me on Dytallix B.
I want you to meet the senior diplomat of the Cairn delegation.
I want you to prepare a class one probe.
I want you to remember, if it were anyone but you, we wouldn't even be here.
I want you to see what you can do.
I want you to send a team down there immediately.
I want you to sever your connection to your mother.
I want you to start a long range scan once we get.
I want you to start a new piece.
I want you to stay close.
I want you to stay in charge here.
I want you to stay on the Bridge.
I want you to take Manua and beam down to Tanuga immediately.
I want you to take a message back to your people.
I want you to take some time before making a decision.
I want you to take this letter to Robin's men.
I want you to time the Doctor and me through that first tunnel.
I want you to try a few relaxation techniques as well.
I want you to turn in, take a nap.
I want you to understand that this isn't going to be easy.
I want you to understand why you are going away.
I want you to wake the senior staff.
I want you to work with Commander Data on the preparations.
I want your analysis.
I wanted a quiet cup of tea before I went back.
I wanted everyone to get along.
I wanted her to be happy.
I wanted so much to help him, to be there for him, but the more I was.
I wanted someone who would stand up to me.
I wanted to apologise for my mother's behaviour.
I wanted to apologize for my remark in Ten Forward.
I wanted to ask you about Amanda's biological parents.
I wanted to be out there, travelling the stars.
I wanted to concentrate on something more positive.
I wanted to fight but I stayed with my husband.
I wanted to find out who was responsible.
I wanted to finish my interviews with you before I interrogated her.
I wanted to give something back in return for all Starfleet has given me.
I wanted to give you so much more.
I wanted to give you something.
I wanted to increase their capabilities.
I wanted to inform you personally.
I wanted to leave before my father got back.
I wanted to make sure that you got a fair chance to redeem yourself.
I wanted to make you female, but your father insisted on a son.
I wanted to remember our last night together.
I wanted to say I owe you an apology.
I wanted to say I'm sorry about your sister.
I wanted to say I'm sorry if I got you in any trouble.
I wanted to say goodbye properly this time.
I wanted to say goodbye, and to apologise again for my father.
I wanted to see how he was doing.
I wanted to see how you've conducted my future affairs.
I wanted to see if you were ready to return to duty.
I wanted to see them and I did.
I wanted to show you such tenderness.
I wanted to stop by and see how Ian was doing.
I wanted to talk to you.
I wanted to tell you I have no choice.
I wanted to tell you how much I wish we had met years ago.
I wanted to use your computer to find out how it works.
I wanted us to be happy.
I wanted you to have this.
I wanted you to know who I am today.
I wanted you to see him one last time.
I wanted you to stay, to love me.
I wanted you to stay.
I wanted your cooperation.
I warn you!
I warn you, Picard.
I warn you, it's a mistake.
I warned him.
I warned you about my Klingon half.
I warned you not to provoke our captors.
I warned you not to push the engines so hard.
I warned you to leave her alone.
I warned you.
I was I was having trouble sleeping and I'm trying to wear myself out.
I was a Starfleet engineer for fifty two years, Mister La Forge.
I was a different person in those days.
I was a diplomat, a peacemaker.
I was a passenger.
I was a soldier.
I was able to provide Lal with more realistic skin and eye colour than my own.
I was able to review a preliminary report when I was at the Academy.
I was able to take part of a transceiver from the guard's interlink system.
I was able to trace its path from the replicators to the sensor array.
I was able to trace the source of the transmission.
I was about to be initiated into a very unusual relationship.
I was about to say quite easily, but there was nothing easy about it.
I was actually doing quite well for a while, too.
I was actually going to talk to you about delta shift a little later, sir.
I was afraid I might have to cancel.
I was afraid he'd start searching me next.
I was afraid if they found the letter they'd blame me for the murder.
I was afraid if we reactivated you, you'd turn out like Lore.
I was afraid of something like this.
I was afraid that if you turned out like him I would have to dismantle you, too.
I was afraid this might be your attitude, Captain.
I was afraid you were going to say something like that.
I was afraid your neural pathways were scrambled beyond repair.
I was almost hoping that you'd find a problem.
I was alone in my quarters at the time.
I was alone, so at first I thought I was imagining things.
I was alone, studying and I fainted.
I was also sure.
I was always so jealous, I had a right to be.
I was an excellent choice for them, Captain.
I was angry at you.
I was angry.
I was annoyed.
I was ashamed of being Bajoran.
I was ashamed of him for being weak.
I was asking if you'd ever been aboard a Galaxy class starship before.
I was at Starfleet Medical for a year.
I was at the neuropsychology seminar at Bokara Six.
I was attacked by another alien, sir.
I was attacked.
I was attempting to ascertain what my guts tell me about you.
I was attempting to download the sensor logs from the probe's onboard computer.
I was attracted to Soren.
I was awake for several hours.
I was awarded ninth place.
I was aware of that.
I was back at the hospital.
I was back on the Enterprise.
I was barely a year old when you left for the Khitomer Outpost.
I was beginning to feel as if you were part of my uniform.
I was being polite.
I was being watched.
I was betting that you wouldn't call.
I was born a year later.
I was born blind.
I was born in sixteen forty seven, in Glasgow on Earth.
I was born on Betazed.
I was born this way.
I was brushing my hair.
I was buried under the rubble and left for dead.
I was caught in a fire once.
I was caught in the riots when the police moved in.
I was certain it would never happen, Captain.
I was certain of that.
I was chasing a ball and I fell into that.
I was checking to see if the phasers still operate.
I was chosen for this mission for a very simple reason.
I was coming to help.
I was concentrating on getting away from the last Cardassian.
I was convinced the children were safe.
I was curious as to your security safeguards.
I was curious.
I was debating whether to mention it, and perhaps.
I was detained in school.
I was discovered twenty six years ago.
I was doing bat'leth moves with Mister Worf.
I was doing my duty as an officer of the Judge Advocate General.
I was doing some repairs under the station when an earthquake hit.
I was doing this long before you were born.
I was dreading it.
I was driving starships while your great-grandfather was still in diapers.
I was eight.
I was eighteen, and eager.
I was enrolling my son in class.
I was fast enough to get away from her once.
I was fatigued.
I was fifteen before I escaped.
I was firing at her.
I was flying solely on sensor readings at the time.
I was flying with them before I could walk.
I was forbidden to make the B'Nar.
I was forced to terminate his employment.
I was found twenty metres in that direction, sir.
I was getting my tricorder.
I was going to Pacifica, you were going to Pacifica.
I was going to explain this to you after the ceremony, sir.
I was going to make DaiMon Tog a drink.
I was going to protect you, Clara.
I was going to share it with you.
I was heading for Norpin Five to settle down and enjoy my retirement.
I was here to greet him.
I was here to protect the peace.
I was here yesterday, remember?
I was here, I was talking to you, and then I was somewhere else.
I was here, but it was a long time ago.
I was hit, too.
I was hoping for more.
I was hoping that you might have another option, sir.
I was hoping that you would be willing to share some tissue samples.
I was hoping to run into you.
I was hoping to talk to you about Ensign Cabot's transfer.
I was hoping we'd learn more about it.
I was hoping you could give me something.
I was hoping you might know his business partners.
I was hoping you would.
I was hoping you'd say that.
I was hungry.
I was in Engineering, playing around with boosting sensor output.
I was in a dark place.
I was in a hospital, then I was back on the Enterprise.
I was in a narrow place.
I was in a play.
I was in a refugee camp.
I was in an alley.
I was in another time, another place.
I was in bed but there wasn't another person in my dream.
I was in my quarters.
I was in the gym playing parrises squares.
I was in the middle of a very important experiment.
I was in the past again.
I was in the storage room of the science laboratory yesterday.
I was injured getting here.
I was injured.
I was interested.
I was intrigued.
I was involved with his mother for a short time about twenty four years ago.
I was joking.
I was just a passenger.
I was just about to come say goodbye.
I was just about to get him his supper.
I was just angry.
I was just assigned here this morning.
I was just being polite, sir.
I was just clearing these people out of here.
I was just coming off duty and I wanted to see how you were doing.
I was just doing some reading on the Iresine syndrome.
I was just doing what I thought was best for my department.
I was just following orders.
I was just getting some very strange energy readings from your table here.
I was just going over my deposition for tomorrow.
I was just going to see Captain Picard.
I was just going to shuttlebay two.
I was just heading for deck seven.
I was just held up for a while.
I was just juggling and I happened to catch one in my mouth.
I was just on my way down to the arboretum.
I was just on my way to speak to you.
I was just part of the team.
I was just passing through town, saw a little trouble, thought I'd lend a hand.
I was just playing.
I was just posted here six weeks ago.
I was just putting down the bowl of food.
I was just reporting in.
I was just seeing if you were still watching.
I was just talking to Worf.
I was just talking with Mrs.
I was just telling Clara about my imaginary friend.
I was just thinking about an old-fashioned lemonade.
I was just thinking about how to get out of here.
I was just trying to find something about the Bynars.
I was just trying to help.
I was just trying to hold on to something.
I was just trying to rescue you.
I was just visiting.
I was just with Tasha in the shuttle.
I was just.
I was kayaking in the holodeck again.
I was kidding, Data.
I was kind of hoping to get one while I still remember the chords.
I was laser bonding a backup link.
I was left to stay with our father's friend, Lorgh, until you returned.
I was looking for a barbershop.
I was looking for my deputy.
I was looking forward to time together finally.
I was looking to find the people who killed you on the surface.
I was lucky to get the Enterprise.
I was merely concerned for the safety of my crewmates.
I was merely exploring various possible permutations of our mission.
I was merely in the sector, I.
I was merely offering an aesthetic analysis of this particular model.
I was merely testing her power.
I was more like you.
I was negligent.
I was never a boy.
I was never at the city of Quin'lat.
I was never taught that.
I was nine years old.
I was no hero, Wesley.
I was no longer in the past.
I was not amused.
I was not aware he created other androids before my brother.
I was not aware of this passenger.
I was not aware that Sarek was offended by Spock's opposition.
I was not aware you had a son.
I was not informed either.
I was not informed of any change in the duty roster.
I was not interested in the information.
I was not involved.
I was not offended.
I was not perfect, but I was not wild and disobedient.
I was not!
I was now an old man in the future, and I was outside and I was doing something.
I was obviously misinformed as to the size of the craft.
I was of course not serious about calling Security.
I was offended.
I was on Iconia, now I am on the Enterprise.
I was on Setlik three with Captain Maxwell the morning after the massacre.
I was on that run myself for a while.
I was on the Bridge at my station.
I was on the Bridge.
I was on the Enterprise in the middle of a play.
I was on the Enterprise.
I was on the ship.
I was only able to lock onto two of them.
I was only able to save the last six.
I was only her commanding officer.
I was only ten when we went there.
I was only trying to carry out his wishes.
I was only trying to protect a lifetime of work from being destroyed.
I was only trying to put a quick end to a miserable existence.
I was ordered to assist you in any way possible.
I was out of line.
I was over there.
I was participating in an Indian ritual and I had a vision.
I was playing only for a standoff, a draw.
I was positive I knew what cards were going to be dealt.
I was prepared to die.
I was preparing to beam out to somewhere.
I was processing all of the information we have accumulated on Romulan society.
I was pulling an all-nighter to collect my final data.
I was quite content with the notion of returning with those trinkets.
I was quite thorough.
I was raised outdoors.
I was raised with Bajoran beliefs.
I was ready to blow it up!
I was ready to come back.
I was really hoping you'd try it yourself.
I was reasonably certain I could establish a link with her.
I was referring to the view.
I was rescued from Khitomer by humans.
I was restless.
I was right, Captain.
I was scared.
I was selfish.
I was sent there with a squad to reinforce them.
I was serving on Admiral Mitchell's staff on Starbase ninety seven.
I was seven.
I was sick when it happened.
I was simply talking to myself.
I was simply trying to level the playing field.
I was six years old and living on the streets of Lakat.
I was so awful to her.
I was so glad that this nonsense was finally over.
I was so nervous I was afraid that I would drop her.
I was so scared I ran back down the hill.
I was so very thankful when you were given back to us to carry on the line.
I was so worried about you.
I was somewhere else a few moments ago.
I was somewhere else.
I was somewhere in the past.
I was sorry to hear what happened.
I was starting to, maybe.
I was studying the terminal interface systems.
I was suddenly overcome with a wave of nausea.
I was suddenly overwhelmed by a flood of emotions.
I was sure he'd be worth it.
I was sure it was.
I was surprised.
I was taking home as a present.
I was taking the boy's brother to Sickbay and
I was talking to Beverly.
I was talking to someone, I can't remember who.
I was talking to someone.
I was tempted to give him a sedative.
I was tempted to take the oath with you, but it scared me.
I was the captain and Commander Riker here was my helmsman.
I was the ensign.
I was the last one out and I made it back to the Potemkin.
I was the last one out.
I was the one chosen, transformed.
I was the one that got you into it.
I was the only one who experienced ionic fluctuations in the transport.
I was the whole room.
I was there I saw the tears.
I was there!
I was there, back on board the Enterprise.
I was there, in Ward forty seven, just like in the play.
I was thinking about how you said the other day that my foil was dipping.
I was thinking about it, but I didn't say anything.
I was thinking about something more along the lines of the La Forge Nebula.
I was thinking of him.
I was thinking of something a little more intimate.
I was thinking the same thing about you.
I was three years old.
I was to blame.
I was to give it to Yanar as our pledge of marriage.
I was to meet someone.
I was told I'd find you here.
I was told he was not aboard.
I was told that was impossible.
I was told the ship would be at these coordinates.
I was told they were just a myth.
I was told to prepare for that.
I was too old for you, too weak.
I was trying to feed Spot.
I was trying to give them a future.
I was trying to make sense of what had happened.
I was trying to safeguard the lives of people on those decks, but you're right.
I was trying to summon a vision of Kahless.
I was trying to tell him that we'd be working late.
I was trying to, I was thinking of Rishon and Kevin.
I was unable to prevent it.
I was unable to prevent the power transfer.
I was unaware of having caused any inconvenience, sir.
I was unprepared.
I was using some very volatile compounds.
I was very close.
I was waiting for the right moment, but that will never come.
I was walking along minding my own business, doing a simple geological sweep.
I was walking through an alley.
I was wearing it when I was changed.
I was what?
I was with Keiko, in the Arboretum.
I was with Lieutenant Aster, your mother, when she died.
I was with a group of women and children when two Cardassian soldiers burst in.
I was with him before coming here.
I was wondering if you could move me to better quarters.
I was wondering if you might consider formalising that arrangement.
I was wondering if you might have any thoughts along that line.
I was wondering if you wanted to join me?
I was wondering if you would talk to me in his voice.
I was wondering if you'd agree to play me in a game of Strategema.
I was wondering what that was for.
I was wondering what you were up to.
I was wondering, Captain, when you and your ship would be leaving.
I was wondering, I would love to see some more of this marvellous ship.
I was wondering, Mister La Forge.
I was wondering.
I was working downtown.
I was worried about you.
I was wrong not to tell you, Captain.
I was wrong, Counsellor.
I was wrong.
I was, I was thinking I, I might be imposing.
I was, I was.
I was, it was a long time ago.
I wash my hands of it now.
I wasn't a hero and neither were you.
I wasn't able to retrieve the signal.
I wasn't asking you.
I wasn't aware of this.
I wasn't aware that he had.
I wasn't aware that the deuterium control conduit required routine adjustments.
I wasn't aware you wanted to be informed.
I wasn't dreaming.
I wasn't expecting you to go into intimate details.
I wasn't good enough.
I wasn't playing Parrises Squares.
I wasn't ready to leave here anyway.
I wasn't really your Isabella.
I wasn't responsible for what I did.
I wasn't sure if her silence was motivated by guilt or just Klingon pride.
I wasn't sure where I was.
I wasn't sure you'd ever develop the cognitive abilities to make it this far.
I wasn't talking about a place.
I wasn't the one who closed the door.
I wasn't the one who misplaced the entire Deltived asteroid belt.
I wasn't there.
I wasn't thinking about anything.
I wasn't thinking about it, but everybody needs somebody.
I wasn't thinking about the rest of my life.
I wasn't.
I watch them and I can do the things they do but I will never feel the emotions.
I welcome the opportunity.
I welcome your input.
I went aboard to see what had happened.
I went back and checked, and they're exactly the same.
I went insane.
I went into the mountains, all the way to the volcano at Kri'stak.
I went to Boreth to find my faith.
I went to Starfleet headquarters looking for you, but you'd already shipped out.
I went to a party she had for her crew.
I went to him and asked what he was doing.
I went to the Academy's training programme for enlisted personnel.
I went to the Cafe Moulin instead of the Cafe des Artistes.
I went to the Tanugan lab as an official representative of Starfleet.
I weren't smart.
I will accept discommendation.
I will accept many things, but never that.
I will accept that responsibility.
I will accompany you down there to make certain of it.
I will admit though, he's a little unusual.
I will admit to some uncertainty about the prospect.
I will agree to your terms.
I will allow access you to my computer banks, okay?
I will allow it.
I will allow this test.
I will also see the bet.
I will answer only specific charges.
I will arrange for the interviews to begin.
I will arrange for you to attend a Klingon school.
I will attempt it, sir.
I will attempt to amplify its image with my tricorder.
I will attempt to be an easy room.
I will attempt to depolarise the grid by using a low frequency inversion field.
I will attempt to engage additional filtering elements.
I will attempt to make a celestial fix using secondary systems.
I will attempt to narrow the field, sir.
I will attempt to resequence the signal.
I will attend to your father.
I will await you aboard the Bortas.
I will await your answer on the Bridge.
I will be able to complete the mission.
I will be able to please him.
I will be at the banquet on time.
I will be back for him later.
I will be back to check your progress.
I will be back.
I will be every bit his mother.
I will be fine.
I will be happy to speak to her.
I will be if you'll meet me on the holodeck later.
I will be irritated.
I will be monitoring you continuously.
I will be more careful.
I will be more observant in the future, sir.
I will be notified as soon as there is any information.
I will be on the Bridge.
I will be playing this piece at a recital tomorrow evening.
I will be pleased that he is receiving the guidance he requires.
I will be positioned here, at the eastern end of the street.
I will be removing that equipment to my quarters.
I will be right there.
I will be so lost without them.
I will be the first to cheer when the Neutral Zone is abolished.
I will be there shortly.
I will be.
I will beam to their ship with no further delay.
I will begin by speaking to the people of this town.
I will begin immediately, sir.
I will begin the procedure immediately.
I will bring something very special, just for you.
I will buy another card, Counsellor.
I will call up the results I have achieved this far for you to study.
I will call you William if you prefer.
I will call.
I will cancel that transfer order.
I will carry your pack.
I will certainly grant you asylum, when you have been absolved of this crime.
I will challenge him.
I will change into my uniform, sir.
I will change into some appropriate costume.
I will check in on you later.
I will come back tomorrow and check on you.
I will come onto your ship.
I will come.
I will compare my autonomic logs with the ship's chronometer.
I will consider it, but I must consult others.
I will contact you shortly, Miss Kyle.
I will continue monitoring.
I will continue my experiment.
I will continue this in the guest quarters.
I will continue to scan.
I will count to three.
I will create an android body for you, too.
I will deal with Mister Data at another time.
I will decide.
I will demand Captain Picard give us access to the battle bridge.
I will die at your hands.
I will die for the Empire.
I will discuss that with your captain.
I will discuss the matter with Counsellor Troi.
I will do anything you ask.
I will do anything you wish.
I will do as you ask.
I will do everything in my power to see that he does.
I will do so immediately.
I will draw my own conclusions, if you do not mind.
I will endeavour to speed up the process, sir.
I will escort them to the Observation Lounge.
I will escort you to the guest quarters.
I will escort you to transporter room six.
I will examine it for myself.
I will excuse it.
I will expect it no later than oh nine hundred hours.
I will explain later.
I will expose you for what you are.
I will feed him.
I will feel it for both of us.
I will feel nothing at all.
I will find a way to keep going.
I will find something else to do.
I will find your ship for you.
I will follow the Commander.
I will get a doctor.
I will give the humans with a choice.
I will give you my life in exchange.
I will give you two hours to comply.
I will gladly share the results of our exploration with all the delegates.
I will go immediately, sir.
I will go now to Sto-Vo-Kor.
I will go to deck twenty and begin modifications.
I will go to the Romulan ship.
I will go with you.
I will handle this.
I will have it corrected in a moment.
I will have the report sent to you, sir.
I will have to analyse these readings.
I will have to be innovative.
I will have to confiscate your sidearm.
I will have to examine him to know, sir.
I will have to explain all of this to mother and father.
I will have to say this morning, I was the leader of the universe as I knew it.
I will have to wait until he regains consciousness before knowing more.
I will have you and this abomination put to death.
I will have your answered questions as soon as possible, Professor.
I will hear the evidence when I arrive.
I will help her.
I will help you prepare.
I will honour our agreement.
I will illustrate.
I will increase the gain incrementally as you descend.
I will increase the input.
I will inform the away team immediately.
I will investigate the options.
I will investigate this further, Picard.
I will join you as soon as I can.
I will join you in a moment, Geordi.
I will just have to take this matter up with Gowron.
I will just slow you down when you need to move quickly.
I will kill him, Picard.
I will kill you, and those in there.
I will know in a moment, sir.
I will learn them all.
I will learn to do better, sir.
I will leave now.
I will leave you alone with him.
I will leave you now to your book.
I will listen.
I will make another attempt.
I will make arrangements for you to come aboard.
I will make inquiries concerning the hostages.
I will make preparations.
I will make the B'Nar, the mourning, until I am back with my brothers!
I will make the Khitomer massacre files available to anyone who wants them.
I will make you suffer for this.
I will meet you in your quarters later.
I will miss Felisa Howard very much.
I will miss you, Deanna.
I will monitor the interface and attempt to keep you safe.
I will monitor your progress from here.
I will need Kosinski back on the main computer.
I will need some supplies.
I will need to do further testing before I proceed.
I will need to get the Sickbay computer back on
I will need to inspect the imaging scanner in transporter room three.
I will need to rely on you from now on.
I will need to run a diagnostic to be certain.
I will need to run a full biospectral analysis.
I will never be.
I will never completely trust this device, Jean-Luc.
I will never forget you.
I will never have to face death again.
I will never let her go.
I will never see my child smile again.
I will never truly love him.
I will not allow it.
I will not allow my people to entertain you until you do.
I will not allow posturing and bigotry to destroy this meeting.
I will not allow that to happen, Jean-Luc.
I will not allow them to remain in the dark ages.
I will not answer any questions.
I will not answer questions.
I will not answer!
I will not ask them to die.
I will not assist you.
I will not authorise any further tests.
I will not be able to come this evening.
I will not be complete without you.
I will not be drawn into a hypothetical argument, Doctor.
I will not be eliminated now.
I will not be landing in the same location.
I will not be questioned by you!
I will not be submit to being searched by you or anyone else on this ship.
I will not be surprised.
I will not be there to see it, Counsellor.
I will not be treated that way!
I will not betray him!
I will not break any vow I have taken in the past.
I will not break that.
I will not confirm your speculations.
I will not endanger this ship under any circumstances.
I will not forget it.
I will not forget that.
I will not hand over the Empire to Koroth because of one test.
I will not have this man raising my grandson.
I will not have you telling me what course to set.
I will not hear lies from the son of a traitor.
I will not hide my face behind stone and mortar.
I will not interfere with Homn's duties this time.
I will not leave without him.
I will not let Galen's death to be in vain.
I will not let her tell me how to run my ship.
I will not let this fraud continue.
I will not listen to more lies.
I will not listen to this.
I will not listen to your lies.
I will not live as an object of pity or shame.
I will not live like that.
I will not look in your direction.
I will not permit this abduction to succeed.
I will not permit this outrage!
I will not play games with you.
I will not read this or any other statement.
I will not repeat his lies.
I will not see him.
I will not sit at a table with him.
I will not sit at the same table with that!
I will not stand by while half of my crew is slaughtered.
I will not step outside the traditional role of the Arbiter.
I will not submit to the procedure, sir.
I will not support Gowron.
I will not surrender the secrets of the Enterprise to you.
I will not take the oath!
I will not try to escape.
I will obey your orders.
I will order Lieutenant Yar to fight.
I will order a search immediately.
I will permit you the dignity of retaining your command during the voyage.
I will personally cut your tongue out, Yintagh!
I will pilot the shuttle myself.
I will prepare the power transfer.
I will present our regrets to the Legarans personally.
I will proceed to the transporter room and begin modifications.
I will protest this, Klingon!
I will prove it!
I will provide them if necessary.
I will provide you with a map of the camp.
I will raise you three.
I will receive the information on what you would call a subconscious level.
I will record everything he says.
I will release your daughter and the Commander.
I will release your son in exchange for my deputy.
I will remain on the ship.
I will remember every detail of my visit here with perfect clarity.
I will remember that for a long, long time.
I will remove the burden of that responsibility right now.
I will remove the tracking device.
I will replicate one immediately.
I will require assistance.
I will require my hand.
I will respond to your request shortly.
I will return soon to the home world.
I will return to my ship to confirm these conclusions myself.
I will return to my ship.
I will run a diagnostic on the thermal regulators.
I will run the integrity scan.
I will say it again.
I will scan their warp signatures.
I will see a six year old boy who is powerless to protect himself.
I will see the bet, and raise ten.
I will see you later tonight, Commander.
I will see you on stage at eighteen hundred hours.
I will see you tomorrow.
I will see your ten, and raise you twenty.
I will send a message to Kurn.
I will send a transport vessel to pick him up as soon as possible.
I will send out a message when I am ready to go.
I will send you my mother's recipe.
I will send your schedule, sir.
I will share the feelings I wish to share.
I will signal for immediate beam out.
I will smack the child to induce breathing.
I will speak only to my countryman!
I will speak to the Ambassador about easing your restrictions.
I will speak to you shortly.
I will speak with K'mtar.
I will speak with my sword, sir.
I will stake my reputation.
I will stand before the wind and make it respect me.
I will stand by Worf's side.
I will start my calibrations, sir.
I will stay safe, Doctor Beverly.
I will stay with Wesley, Doctor.
I will stay with you, Doctor.
I will stay.
I will take Yanar as my wife.
I will take it immediately.
I will take it into the corona of the star Vaytan.
I will take it to him.
I will take it under advisement.
I will take my leave of you now, Captain.
I will take the full responsibility.
I will take the more pleasant sentence.
I will take the perimeter.
I will take this to Starfleet myself.
I will take us to them.
I will take you on the hunt.
I will take you to the Captain.
I will take your orders.
I will teach you to recognise the artistry in paintings.
I will teach you.
I will tell them that you are happy.
I will tell you again.
I will tell you all you need to know.
I will tell you nothing.
I will tell you what you need to know.
I will think about it.
I will transport to the surface.
I will try that.
I will try to remember you.
I will try, sir.
I will use it to draw Worf to a another part of the ship.
I will verify it.
I will volunteer for that task.
I will volunteer to stay in my quarters under one condition.
I will wait for them in there.
I will wait no longer, Picard.
I will want my own technicians to confirm your findings.
I will work on staying within myself.
I will, Counsellor.
I will, father.
I will, if necessary.
I win at all the games.
I wish I could be as dispassionate about the implications as my second officer.
I wish I could be certain that we'd tried everything.
I wish I could believe you.
I wish I could come with you now.
I wish I could convey to you what it's like for me now.
I wish I could convey to you what it's like to be a metamorph.
I wish I could do something to help.
I wish I could excuse myself as well.
I wish I could feel it with you.
I wish I could help further.
I wish I could help you find the truth.
I wish I could intervene.
I wish I could make it easier.
I wish I could prove it.
I wish I could say I did.
I wish I could say I was just calling to catch up on things.
I wish I could say.
I wish I could see a way.
I wish I could take my books.
I wish I could take you with me.
I wish I could talk about it.
I wish I could talk to you, Professor Manheim.
I wish I could tell you about him.
I wish I could tell you.
I wish I had a good answer for you.
I wish I had her strength.
I wish I had never manoeuvred you into playing that game.
I wish I had some answers for you, Lieutenant Worf.
I wish I had some clue as to what they will do next.
I wish I had the people to spare.
I wish I knew how I could help.
I wish I knew what happened to my children.
I wish I knew what to suggest.
I wish I knew what to tell them.
I wish I understood myself that well.
I wish I were as confident as you, Counsellor.
I wish I'd had a chance to know that Jean-Luc Picard.
I wish Lieutenant Kwan had been able to look at his problems the same way.
I wish anyone who finds this record to know my crew has behaved courageously.
I wish both of us were going.
I wish he could find some focus in his life.
I wish he'd never come on this ship.
I wish it could have happened differently.
I wish it could.
I wish it were under better circumstances.
I wish it.
I wish my mother was here.
I wish my people could share in it.
I wish no one with me.
I wish the circumstances were different.
I wish there was more time.
I wish there was something more we could do.
I wish there was something we could do, but the risk is too great.
I wish there were another way.
I wish there were something I could give you.
I wish there were.
I wish they weren't necessary.
I wish they would come so it would begin and end sooner.
I wish they would just come out and admit it!
I wish they'd left a note.
I wish things were different.
I wish to be candid with you, Ensign.
I wish to cash in, sir.
I wish to go to the Romulan prison camp.
I wish to join in.
I wish to know if I have given you offence.
I wish to learn.
I wish to leave.
I wish to reactivate the programme.
I wish to remain here, Captain Picard.
I wish to run a full diagnostic test on all tactical back-up equipment.
I wish to see the Bussard collectors.
I wish to speak with Captain Picard.
I wish to speak with Commander Riker.
I wish to speak.
I wish we could talk in person, but that will have to wait.
I wish we had more time together.
I wish we had some sign that he's in here.
I wish we knew.
I wish we were able to learn more about them, sir.
I wish we were back there now, you and I.
I wish you could accept that.
I wish you could have known her, Deanna.
I wish you didn't have to go.
I wish you good journeys, Picard.
I wish you two could have grown up together.
I wish you well.
I wish you were faking it.
I wish you were truly as open-minded as you say, Picard.
I wish you'd quit asking, since it's obvious you're going to do it anyway.
I wish your work on the particle fountain had been more successful.
I wish, I wish time would have allowed me to know you better.
I withdraw my request, Captain.
I withdraw my request, sir.
I withdraw the observation.
I witnessed something remarkable.
I witnessed your little spat with Vash.
I won that tournament.
I won't allow you to destroy what we have.
I won't alter history.
I won't be a party to your making trouble.
I won't be able to do anything down there.
I won't be afraid.
I won't be easy to beat.
I won't be joining you.
I won't be pushed into this decision.
I won't bore you with the intricacies of Klingon politics.
I won't do it ever again.
I won't do it, Data.
I won't do it.
I won't forget any of you.
I won't forget this.
I won't forget.
I won't get near that panel again.
I won't get off.
I won't go!
I won't have her practicing medicine on this ship.
I won't have it.
I won't have to, Captain.
I won't hear of such a thing.
I won't hurt you.
I won't insult you by pretending that any of this will be easy.
I won't know that until I get there.
I won't know until I find the cause.
I won't know until I get into the files.
I won't leave you.
I won't let her have you!
I won't let him blow this ship into space.
I won't let them hurt you.
I won't let you put me in a machine.
I won't let you take it away from me.
I won't make it!
I won't marry Benzan.
I won't marry anyone!
I won't mention it to anyone.
I won't order you to fly this mission.
I won't put them away for you again.
I won't report this to the Ambassador, for the moment.
I won't rest until I find out who's responsible.
I won't salute if you won't.
I won't stand for this.
I won't tell anyone.
I won't tolerate my crew being harassed any longer.
I won't treat a man as a criminal unless there is cause to do so.
I won't trick you or lie to you.
I won.
I wonder how it evolved?
I wonder how it got out here.
I wonder how it works?
I wonder how many of the crew are buried back there.
I wonder how many other cultures have similar customs.
I wonder how much power our guests can produce?
I wonder how permanent this is going to be.
I wonder how true telepaths sift through it all.
I wonder if I can, oh, yes.
I wonder if I shouldn't warn him?
I wonder if I'll have another dream tonight.
I wonder if Skoran can tell us something about this metal of yours.
I wonder if Timicin likes green.
I wonder if every one else is in the same condition as we are.
I wonder if one doesn't have to have age and wisdom to appreciate that, sir.
I wonder if that is so.
I wonder if the Enterprise even had time to get off a shot.
I wonder if the environmental controls are set properly.
I wonder if the stimulation is affecting them somehow.
I wonder what happens after prolonged exposure?
I wonder what these markings mean.
I wonder what they talked about?
I wonder what they're thinking over there.
I wonder what's made me lose my appetite?
I wonder which of them was made first?
I wonder who was in it?
I wonder why Data hasn't come up here.
I wonder why we're going there.
I wonder why you're the only one on board?
I wonder, Captain.
I wonder, what would Doctor Freud say about the symbolism of devouring oneself?
I wonder, what would happen if we tried to beam a holodeck object off the grid?
I wonder?
I wondered if that might account for Doctor T'Pan's attitude.
I wondered what had happened to our guest of honour.
I work very much by instinct, not by pre-arranged plan.
I worked all over the ship.
I worked downtown for three years.
I worked hard, I kept busy, I did everything to pretend it never happened.
I worked on my back stroke.
I worked to get him on this team.
I worked with the mixture until I got the right balance.
I would accompany you to to Sickbay, but I doubt if that would do us any good.
I would also like to volunteer, sir.
I would appreciate any insight you might have that would improve my performance.
I would appreciate hearing your insights on this matter.
I would appreciate it if next time you came to me first.
I would appreciate it if we could discuss it now.
I would appreciate it.
I would appreciate some help from my son.
I would appreciate you joining me on the Bridge.
I would appreciate your help in selecting an appropriate item.
I would appreciate your returning it in the same condition.
I would argue that the Crystalline Entity has as much right to be here as we do.
I would ask that the judgment stand.
I would ask you to consider the possibility that what you see is not real.
I would assume we must be on Kesprytt.
I would attempt to save any innocent life, as you well know.
I would be delighted to show it to you.
I would be fine, sir.
I would be grateful for any help you could offer.
I would be happy to be of help.
I would be happy to do so, but I am presently in need of information.
I would be happy to do so.
I would be happy to guide you in that regard, if it would be helpful.
I would be happy to share my insights with your husband.
I would be happy to teach you dancing.
I would be honoured if you chose me.
I would be most grateful.
I would be pleased to count you among them.
I would be pleased to escort you around the ship.
I would be well within my rights to invoke ya'nora kor.
I would be.
I would call that a mental lapse.
I would call the wanton destruction of an unarmed vessel infamy.
I would certainly begin by examining the cause and not the symptom.
I would certainly have you court-martialled if you sabotage it.
I would certainly hope not.
I would characterise the unit's performance as excellent.
I would choose to stay with Geordi, but it is too dangerous.
I would close my eyes and listen to his mind for hours on end.
I would consider and approve you a transfer for you.
I would consider them insignificant.
I would die to save the life of my child.
I would do the same for any of the others.
I would enjoy debating with you.
I would enjoy making it again.
I would enjoy that tour.
I would expect Betazoids to be outstanding animal trainers.
I would expect nothing less.
I would feel that.
I would go to the camp on the southern continent of Valo Two.
I would hardly consider that irrelevant.
I would have believed I didn't need children to complete my life.
I would have given her a shuttle if it would have kept her here.
I would have insisted we take the oath.
I would have liked the chance to have known him better.
I would have liked to have known her better.
I would have loved to have seen him.
I would have proven myself worth to you, if you'd just given me a chance.
I would have stopped you.
I would have taken my own life but for you.
I would have thought a telepath would be more discreet, sir.
I would have thought having a Borg on the ship would stir some feelings.
I would have thought otherwise.
I would have to guess exhaustion, fatigue.
I would have told him anything.
I would have won.
I would have, in a cold minute.
I would help him find a way to secure our trust.
I would hope to serve you as well as he.
I would imagine I'm just going to improvise.
I would imagine so.
I would imagine that your self-discipline helps you in your work.
I would know that voice anywhere.
I would like for you to attend.
I would like him to learn our ways.
I would like my hair trimmed.
I would like that as well.
I would like that.
I would like the two of you to piece together a picture of his last few days.
I would like to add something to my testimony.
I would like to ask him a few questions, if I may.
I would like to be alone now, please.
I would like to believe these are qualities we have in sufficient measure.
I would like to believe you.
I would like to conduct an investigation into Captain Picard's death.
I would like to consider you my friend as well.
I would like to corroborate your story before we proceed further.
I would like to do interviews with each of the survivors.
I would like to get to know you better, Mother.
I would like to get under way as soon as possible.
I would like to have a word with you.
I would like to help.
I would like to join the game.
I would like to join you.
I would like to know Masaka, speak with her.
I would like to know more about your family.
I would like to know the reason.
I would like to know the root of your prejudice for my First Officer.
I would like to know who you people are.
I would like to learn about that, but I want Data to tell us.
I would like to learn how to dance.
I would like to make one suggestion, sir.
I would like to make one thing clear, Jason.
I would like to offer a proposal.
I would like to propose a swap.
I would like to see that contract.
I would like to speak to Guinan.
I would like to station security personnel on the surface for your protection.
I would like to talk with you about your technology.
I would like to think that too.
I would like you to monitor what's going on up here.
I would like you to participate.
I would like your permission to ask one of the crew.
I would like, I would request, that you present your terms to us.
I would log that agreement as promising, at least.
I would love to explore Klingon memories.
I would love to, Captain.
I would meet with your Captain.
I would need to see the programme schematic.
I would need to study Manheim's records.
I would never curse you by making you human.
I would never do that to you.
I would never have called you in here unless I was absolutely certain.
I would never hurt you, Deanna.
I would never risk letting that happen again.
I would never touch one of your experiments unless you asked me to, Doctor.
I would no longer be alone in the universe.
I would normally describe it as being terrified.
I would not be in favour of that, sir.
I would not be so sure.
I would not come up here if I were you, Captain.
I would not enter it into your record as a reprimand, simply as a transfer.
I would not expect any.
I would not have harmed the boy, I only wanted to frighten him.
I would not have thought it possible to love a Romulan.
I would not have thought it possible, sir.
I would not like to become a permanent resident of this planet.
I would not participate in murder.
I would not recommend it.
I would prefer if you addressed me as His Honour the High Sheriff of Nottingham.
I would prefer not to answer that question, sir.
I would prefer the quarters you provided me.
I would prefer to find a peaceful solution.
I would prefer to have a human present to supervise the birthing process.
I would prefer to remain at my current post.
I would prefer to study the images further before discussing them.
I would put human morality against the Q's any day.
I would rather be accused of that than making our mother weep.
I would rather die as the man I was than live the life I just saw.
I would rather die than leave.
I would rather die than pollute my body with Klingon filth!
I would rather discuss in person, Admiral.
I would rather discuss this at a later time.
I would rather not escalate this situation any further.
I would rather not use force until we've exhausted all other options.
I would rather not, Counsellor.
I would rather outthink them than outfight them.
I would really appreciate it if you would tell Miles for me.
I would recommend against it, sir.
I would recommend against returning.
I would require a Klingon woman for companionship.
I would say Australopithecine.
I would say she has a passion for her work.
I would speak with you alone, Ambassador.
I would speculate we are being probed.
I would start a sentences, she'd finish it.
I would suggest that you unattach yourself from the Borg, Mister La Forge.
I would suggest you ask your friend the Cardassian liaison, Admiral.
I would tend to agree.
I would thank you on behalf of the Empire.
I would think you'd begin to show some gratitude by now.
I would urge caution.
I would use the word savage.
I would very much appreciate your remaining.
I would very much like our relationship to change.
I would welcome an interruption.
I would've been more than happy to come up to you.
I wouldn't advise that, sir.
I wouldn't be so quick to judge, Data.
I wouldn't be surprised if he doesn't know who you are.
I wouldn't bet on us being here that long.
I wouldn't call it resistance.
I wouldn't change a thing.
I wouldn't count on it.
I wouldn't cross her.
I wouldn't do that.
I wouldn't do this for just anybody, Mister Clemens.
I wouldn't even attempt it till we get him into Sickbay.
I wouldn't even buy that line of guff.
I wouldn't exactly have used the word envious, Data.
I wouldn't go that far.
I wouldn't go there if I were you.
I wouldn't have come all the way out here if I didn't.
I wouldn't have let anything happen to her.
I wouldn't have passed.
I wouldn't have put it exactly like that.
I wouldn't have the same control that you have, but it would still work.
I wouldn't hear of it.
I wouldn't hide water.
I wouldn't know.
I wouldn't let him.
I wouldn't mind going someplace with some activity.
I wouldn't mind having a starship Engineer take a look at them.
I wouldn't mind some company.
I wouldn't miss it for the world.
I wouldn't miss it.
I wouldn't miss this for anything.
I wouldn't miss this for the world.
I wouldn't need to improvise if you hadn't damaged our field diverter.
I wouldn't presume to speak for her.
I wouldn't put it past them.
I wouldn't touch that.
I wouldn't walk out that door if I was you, Sheriff.
I wouldn't want her.
I wouldn't want to give it up.
I wouldn't want to go.
I wouldn't want to sacrifice the safety of the ship.
I wouldn't want to try to transport through that much solid rock.
I wouldn't worry about it, Jean-Luc.
I wouldn't worry about it.
I wouldn't worry.
I wouldn't've made the mistake of leaving you.
I wouldna be so high and mighty with me, Beverly Howard Crusher.
I write this in the hope that it will someday be read by human eyes.
I wrote a report on starships for school.
I wrote it.
I wrote the orders.
I yelled at him to stop but he wouldn't listen.
I yelled at your son.
I yield command of the T'Ong to you, Captain Worf.
I', doing my best, although I'm finding some of the rituals quite demanding.
I'd almost call it the beginnings of a neurosis.
I'd appreciate it if you wore standard uniform when you're on duty.
I'd appreciate it.
I'd appreciate some suggestions.
I'd be a fool to turn that promotion down, wouldn't I?
I'd be a liar if I said I felt like myself.
I'd be delighted if we could discuss the subject sometime.
I'd be giving up a lot.
I'd be glad to return them.
I'd be glad to show you to your quarters.
I'd be happy to help if you have any further problems.
I'd be happy to help.
I'd be happy to probe your recollections, Captain.
I'd be happy to take Mister Clemens to his quarters.
I'd be having more fun than searching the ship, I'd imagine.
I'd be honoured.
I'd be interested to see where his micro-levels are.
I'd be more comfortable if you'd monitor our progress from the Bridge, Captain.
I'd be more than willing to put it behind me.
I'd be most happy to do the work myself, Commander.
I'd be pleased to, sir.
I'd be proud of you no matter what you were doing, Wesley.
I'd be throwing away all that he's given me, all that I'd learned from him.
I'd be trying to find a way off this ship.
I'd be very happy to help you with that, Doctor.
I'd be very interested to know who that is.
I'd been sent to make preliminary overtures to a truce.
I'd better ask my daddy.
I'd better bring you a hypospray to take care of it.
I'd better check in.
I'd better clean up now.
I'd better get back.
I'd better get going.
I'd better get over with a team.
I'd better get to the Bridge.
I'd better go change.
I'd better go check it out.
I'd better go down and make an evaluation there.
I'd better go now.
I'd better go talk to the Captain.
I'd better go to Sickbay.
I'd book my next vacation at your hotel, if you had one.
I'd call that geological instability.
I'd enjoy that, and you'd better get used to it.
I'd even like another.
I'd expected Maylor to live through the negotiation.
I'd feel a lot better about this if all the questions were answered.
I'd feel the same way.
I'd forgotten about that.
I'd forgotten it.
I'd give anything not to feel the way I do now.
I'd gone to give her the results when I found her.
I'd guess it to be a matter of hours now.
I'd guess several hits each.
I'd hardly consider that a threat.
I'd hate to have to prepare a formal defence.
I'd hate to have to scrap her.
I'd hate to see it spoiled by an unexpected downpour.
I'd hate to think that anger is all you're capable of feeling.
I'd have a hard time defending that as part of a safety inspection.
I'd have been there a lot sooner.
I'd have to agree with that.
I'd have to make extensive modifications.
I'd have to say yes.
I'd have to use a transporter pad.
I'd help you, but there's something I've got to take care of.
I'd invent about one a year.
I'd just like to know what's going on.
I'd just like to say, sir, he was a good man.
I'd just love to hear more of your poetry.
I'd just rather do it one at a time.
I'd like Lieutenant Worf to programme onboard sensors to monitor all personnel.
I'd like a fresh banana split, and another one for my friend here.
I'd like more time to study the structural changes in the motor pathways.
I'd like our Doctor to examine you.
I'd like something sweet.
I'd like the Captain to make that decision, sir.
I'd like the truth on this by then.
I'd like this done as quickly as possible, Ensign.
I'd like to ask you some questions.
I'd like to ask your permission to build something.
I'd like to be alone.
I'd like to be with you again.
I'd like to change that to four starting tonight.
I'd like to conduct them now, sir.
I'd like to discuss this with the Captain.
I'd like to do an autopsy.
I'd like to do it, sir.
I'd like to do more cross-sections on the brain tissue of some of these bodies.
I'd like to do some travelling, maybe go to sea.
I'd like to do that.
I'd like to do the same.
I'd like to examine him further.
I'd like to get this over with as fast as possible.
I'd like to go back and try.
I'd like to go over the duty roster with you.
I'd like to go to my quarters.
I'd like to hear about this, Number One, later.
I'd like to hear this message privately.
I'd like to hear your advice.
I'd like to help you if I can.
I'd like to help, if I can.
I'd like to hope we'd be allowed to maintain that schedule.
I'd like to keep him overnight, but he should be fine by tomorrow.
I'd like to know a little bit more about it before I try it.
I'd like to know more about that storm.
I'd like to know what happened.
I'd like to know what my parents looked like.
I'd like to learn what was good and joyous about her.
I'd like to look at the passenger list.
I'd like to meet people like that.
I'd like to request a transfer.
I'd like to run a full diagnostic on you.
I'd like to run an optical diagnostic.
I'd like to run this test.
I'd like to see her now.
I'd like to see him, immediately.
I'd like to see how the Braves are doing after all this time.
I'd like to see the colony site as soon as possible, Captain.
I'd like to show you a few diagrams and ask you some questions about them.
I'd like to speak to First Officer Kazago.
I'd like to stay here with her.
I'd like to suggest that you start using a conditioning agent.
I'd like to take a closer look at this.
I'd like to take a closer look at those burns.
I'd like to take a closer look at those readings.
I'd like to take the Enterprise to Qualor Two, sir.
I'd like to take you to Sickbay and run an inner nuncial series.
I'd like to talk to Doctor Mowray at his archaeological site on Landris Two.
I'd like to talk to him.
I'd like to talk to you for a moment about my future on the Enterprise.
I'd like to talk to you'.
I'd like to thank you both for your very generous contributions.
I'd like to thank you for all the help you've been to my son.
I'd like to thank you, Doctor.
I'd like to think I was.
I'd like to think so.
I'd like to think that I haven't changed those things, sir.
I'd like to try that.
I'd like to try.
I'd like to use the ship's computer to monitor your life functions.
I'd like to very much, Captain.
I'd like to volunteer to join you, sir.
I'd like you at the conn, Lieutenant.
I'd like you to come to Sickbay for some examinations, Captain.
I'd like you to cross-check the personnel assignments.
I'd like you to have this.
I'd like you to postpone that report another forty eight hours.
I'd like you to sculpt music.
I'd like you to see it.
I'd like you to see this, Captain.
I'd like you to take a look at something.
I'd like you to talk to her.
I'd like you to talk to him about your own fascination with humanity.
I'd like you to talk to me.
I'd like you to wear this monitoring device.
I'd like your input.
I'd like your permission to remain here on the surface.
I'd like your report as soon as possible.
I'd lost touch with most of them.
I'd love some, but I didn't think you were interested in that kind of thing.
I'd love to discuss this further with you.
I'd love to hear more, Picard, but I really must get back in that pod.
I'd love to hear you play sometime.
I'd love to see what she looks like.
I'd love to see your quarters.
I'd love to take a gander.
I'd love to tell you, Picard.
I'd love to, but I'm running a full sensor recalibration in ten minutes.
I'd love, to but I have other plans.
I'd loved her.
I'd lowered my shields as a gesture of good will.
I'd miss my friends, the people I love.
I'd need a medical log citing clear evidence of incapacity.
I'd never dared hope for such a perfect match with our own sun.
I'd never have thought her old enough to be your mother.
I'd never killed anything before.
I'd never let that happen.
I'd no idea you were such a cad.
I'd prefer not to discuss it over subspace channels.
I'd probably have to study the data processing algorithms.
I'd rather be alone.
I'd rather get this briefing over with.
I'd rather go out fighting.
I'd rather just observe, if you don't mind.
I'd rather not have to take that step.
I'd rather not relive it.
I'd rather not send anyone back down there.
I'd rather not talk about it.
I'd rather not, Captain.
I'd rather talk to someone.
I'd rather think of us as friends.
I'd rather you were a jailer to keep me company during my return trip.
I'd read two chapters.
I'd really like it if you would stay.
I'd really like to get us out of here before it hits, Commander.
I'd recognise them in any century.
I'd say about twenty minutes.
I'd say at least three Yridians boarded the Professor's shuttle.
I'd say five minutes.
I'd say from these internal scans, a good deal of that cargo is weaponry.
I'd say he has a week, but that's only an estimate.
I'd say he took it well.
I'd say he's a very private person, but not isolated.
I'd say he's beginning the process of letting go of that fantasy.
I'd say it's probably the most basic instinct, Data.
I'd say no longer than ten minutes per trip.
I'd say one way or another, our friends have finished their task.
I'd say over two thousand degrees.
I'd say so.
I'd say something like twenty to thirty years ago.
I'd say that makes Tau Cygna Five our planet.
I'd say that that is Masaka.
I'd say that's pretty well rounded.
I'd say these fragments had been in the wall about seven or eight years.
I'd say they were testing a new warp drive design and it blew up in their faces.
I'd say they're running the manifestation off our own energy.
I'd say we need another day at least.
I'd say we're in good hands here.
I'd say we're looking at the centre of the temporal disturbances.
I'd say we're ready.
I'd say we've got another five or six hours before it breaches the hull.
I'd say within the last twenty four hours.
I'd say you got taken.
I'd say you had a waking dream or an hallucination.
I'd say you've picked up the basics.
I'd see the freckles on his nose if he had them, sir.
I'd send you to Counsellor Troi.
I'd stepped out on a limb and it hadn't broken.
I'd suggest you forget imitating him.
I'd swear that it was Darjeeling.
I'd think I'd better go to my quarters.
I'd think after your autopsy on me, you'd know the answer to that.
I'd think you'd be a little grateful for a some help.
I'd used up every card in the deck.
I'd very much like to see them again.
I'll accept the judgement of history.
I'll administer one now and hope that it will hold for an hour or two.
I'll admit, her honesty is a bit persistent.
I'll alert the crew.
I'll alert them to stand by in case we need more hytritium.
I'll align it by hand.
I'll also cover the photon torpedo launchers.
I'll always be a part of you, Wesley.
I'll always love you.
I'll answer all of your questions, but first I want you to put that down.
I'll answer any ten questions that call for a yes or a no.
I'll answer that question if you promise you won't tell anyone.
I'll apply for a transfer.
I'll arrange an away team.
I'll arrange for our guests to beam down.
I'll arrange quarters for you.
I'll arrange to have him transported on board.
I'll ask Ensign Dern to join you.
I'll ask.
I'll attend to my duty.
I'll be a bigger hit than I ever was.
I'll be a little more comprehensive than that, Chief.
I'll be all right sitting here.
I'll be at my duty station.
I'll be at the service in Ten Forward.
I'll be back as soon as I can.
I'll be back before Jimmy Cuzzo arrives.
I'll be back here with you in one hour exactly, all right?
I'll be back with your lunch.
I'll be closing in a few hours.
I'll be finished by the time the third window opens.
I'll be finished by the time you get back.
I'll be glad to be relieved of this cargo.
I'll be glad to do when I'm free.
I'll be glad to help.
I'll be going.
I'll be here with you.
I'll be home on Betazed if you need me, Little.
I'll be in front of the livery station.
I'll be in my Ready room if I'm needed.
I'll be in my quarters.
I'll be in my ready room.
I'll be in the lab.
I'll be in transporter room three.
I'll be interested to see the results.
I'll be leaving now.
I'll be leaving the ship tomorrow to attend the board of inquiry.
I'll be monitoring her throughout the entire procedure.
I'll be monitoring the medical scans.
I'll be more careful.
I'll be older, more experienced, and hopefully a little wiser.
I'll be on the Bridge, Admiral, if you want to talk further.
I'll be on time, sir.
I'll be preparing questionnaires for each of you.
I'll be reminding you that it's one o'clock.
I'll be returning shortly, Commander.
I'll be right back, Alyssa.
I'll be right there, Captain.
I'll be right with you.
I'll be sending you more detailed operational plans within the hour.
I'll be staying on the ship.
I'll be sure to tell her you said so.
I'll be the judge of that.
I'll be there as quickly as I can.
I'll be tossing and turning.
I'll be very comfortable, thank you.
I'll be waiting for you.
I'll be with you in a moment.
I'll beam it off the Enterprise and leave it particalised.
I'll begin collecting DNA samples now.
I'll bet Isabella is very pretty.
I'll bet both of them were all smiles.
I'll bet half the names in the Chalnoth language mean fighter.
I'll bet that I can find any card that you hide in this deck.
I'll bet that's the broad with the big bucks.
I'll bet that's what damaged the array.
I'll bet they are.
I'll bet you never thought you'd see me again.
I'll bet you that he had some sort of magnetic device in his belt.
I'll bet you've never been to a colony of free spirits.
I'll brief you later.
I'll bring her in manually.
I'll bring the modifications online.
I'll buy that excuse.
I'll call the Doctor again.
I'll call up the structural analysis and the surface scans.
I'll call you the next time I pass through your star system.
I'll call you when it comes in.
I'll call your three, and I'll raise you anything you've got left.
I'll call.
I'll carry out my orders, sir.
I'll catch up with you later.
I'll catch up with you there.
I'll check further.
I'll check in on you later.
I'll check in with you later.
I'll check out the colony's climatic flow array.
I'll check out the rest of the floors.
I'll check that.
I'll check the biofilter readings from the Ullian transporter log.
I'll check the fuel consumption logs.
I'll check the replicator activity logs.
I'll check the sensor logs, see if I can find anything.
I'll check your vital signs in the morning before the representatives get here.
I'll check.
I'll come alone.
I'll come back and check on you later.
I'll come right to the point, Captain.
I'll come visit you in the old Doctor's Home every Sunday.
I'll compress the signal flow.
I'll compute the optimum spread of phasers and photon torpedoes to hit it.
I'll configure the energy transfer.
I'll consider destroying it only as a last resort.
I'll contact Louis and cancel the meeting with the Board of Governors.
I'll contact you in the morning.
I'll contact you when that's done.
I'll deal with the situation as it evolves.
I'll deal with the stranger.
I'll delay the Aldeans until you're ready.
I'll disassemble it later, Commander.
I'll discuss the situation with the other cell leaders.
I'll do anything I can to avoid that possibility.
I'll do anything you want.
I'll do better than that.
I'll do better.
I'll do it myself.
I'll do it your way.
I'll do it.
I'll do my best to arrange that.
I'll do my best to be with you shortly.
I'll do my pre-flight once I'm on board.
I'll do my work in my office.
I'll do the best I can.
I'll do what I can.
I'll do whatever you say.
I'll energise as soon as they've cleared the bulkheads.
I'll escort you to the Prime Minister.
I'll even play the belaklavion.
I'll even use my telepathy to aid you in your negotiations.
I'll expect you soon.
I'll explain later.
I'll explain.
I'll fight it.
I'll fill you in later.
I'll find my own way, Captain.
I'll find something.
I'll find what I need myself.
I'll follow.
I'll get Sickbay.
I'll get a dynoscan.
I'll get back to you on that.
I'll get back to you, Doctor.
I'll get back to you.
I'll get it seen to, Data.
I'll get it.
I'll get lost.
I'll get right back to you.
I'll get right on it, sir.
I'll get right to it, sir.
I'll get right to these modifications.
I'll get some.
I'll get to the water and I'll keep you alive until they find us.
I'll get us out of here, Ethan.
I'll get you a list of the things I'll be needing, okay?
I'll get you another drink.
I'll get you more.
I'll get you next time.
I'll get you to nine point three seven in fifteen seconds.
I'll give her a hypospray of dylamadon.
I'll give it my full recommendation.
I'll give it serious thought.
I'll give it ten seconds more before we go in again.
I'll give you a hypospray.
I'll give you an example.
I'll give you the chip our father made.
I'll give you this.
I'll give you three bucks for it.
I'll give you twenty cc's of vertazine.
I'll give you twenty doraks for half the lot.
I'll go ahead.
I'll go along with that.
I'll go along with you.
I'll go along.
I'll go and look for her.
I'll go as a hostage for the boy's safety.
I'll go check the pattern buffers.
I'll go find Doctor Bashir.
I'll go find it.
I'll go five.
I'll go get her.
I'll go get it.
I'll go in your place.
I'll go look at it.
I'll go next.
I'll go through the gate.
I'll go to my quarters.
I'll go to the Governor myself.
I'll go to the bank and make a withdrawal.
I'll go to the secondary equations.
I'll go with Guinan's recommendation.
I'll go with him, sir.
I'll handle Tactical.
I'll handle it.
I'll handle this myself.
I'll handle this.
I'll have Geordi run a diagnostic of the torpedo bay itself.
I'll have Lieutenant Bartel beam down with him.
I'll have Okona now.
I'll have a Calaman Sherry.
I'll have a better idea once I've analysed the deck plate.
I'll have a proposal to make.
I'll have all the details of that sent to your quarters.
I'll have her run some long range scans in the Devron System.
I'll have him out of there as smooth as ice.
I'll have no part of this.
I'll have one, too.
I'll have our Chief Engineer show you to his Engine Room.
I'll have someone show you your quarters.
I'll have ten chocolate sundaes.
I'll have the engines back online in no time, sir.
I'll have the official reports ready within the hour.
I'll have them kept out of the way here.
I'll have these scans done in ten.
I'll have time to go get him.
I'll have to adapt a power conduit and install it in there.
I'll have to allow extradition.
I'll have to be sure my calculations are accurate, Ensign.
I'll have to clear this with the Federation Council.
I'll have to confiscate it for evidence.
I'll have to determine that for myself.
I'll have to discuss this with my superiors.
I'll have to do it manually.
I'll have to get Commander La Forge's approval on that.
I'll have to get to Engineering though.
I'll have to go clear cross town.
I'll have to go in to connect the power conduit.
I'll have to mention this to the Captain.
I'll have to practice.
I'll have to run a diagnostic in the lab.
I'll have to speak to my tailor, but otherwise I'm well, thank you.
I'll have to store you in memory again until I get an answer.
I'll have to study these readings before I can get more specific than that.
I'll have to take your word for that because I don't remember any of it.
I'll have to talk to Chief O'Brien about these replicators.
I'll have to try something else.
I'll have you home in time for supper.
I'll have you home within a few hours.
I'll have you know I'm the greatest swordsman in all of Nottingham.
I'll have your belongings transported to the Bortas.
I'll help you if you'll let me.
I'll help you.
I'll help.
I'll hide somewhere on the ship and you find me.
I'll hold keying the launch sequence until you're through the gate.
I'll hold them off.
I'll inform Commander La Forge.
I'll inform her.
I'll inform the Captain.
I'll inform the Commander.
I'll inform the other departments about the power systems.
I'll inform you of my decision shortly.
I'll introduce you.
I'll join you in a moment.
I'll join you on the Bridge shortly.
I'll join you shortly.
I'll join you.
I'll jump unless you promise to love me.
I'll just do what I did before.
I'll just go to my quarters and change.
I'll just have to get you to turn up the beam intensity so that.
I'll just keep an eye on her for a while.
I'll just standing over here, dozing off.
I'll keep checking.
I'll keep it in mind.
I'll keep trying.
I'll keep you informed.
I'll keep you posted.
I'll keep you updated.
I'll know for certain when I do the autopsy.
I'll lead left, you get it.
I'll lead the team.
I'll leave it with you.
I'll leave that to you.
I'll leave ye to work, Mister La Forge.
I'll leave you a metabolic booster.
I'll leave you alone.
I'll let Ensign Crusher explain.
I'll let Ensign Crusher perform that task.
I'll let him know you're looking for him.
I'll let my Medical Officer handle it.
I'll let them know they can have more access to the lateral sensor grid.
I'll let them know what's happening.
I'll let them know you're coming.
I'll let you know as soon as we have some.
I'll let you know if I come across anything, all right?
I'll let you know.
I'll let you.
I'll listen.
I'll look for the Captain and Doctor Crusher.
I'll look into it right away.
I'll look over the schematics and I'll draw up a mission plan.
I'll look this over later.
I'll look.
I'll lose myself here.
I'll make another one.
I'll make everyone a nice cup of tea.
I'll make it easy for you, Commander.
I'll make it good and strong, the way you like it.
I'll make my report to Captain Picard.
I'll make some vegetable stew.
I'll make sure he does.
I'll make sure he reaches your parents' home safely.
I'll make the appropriate information available to you.
I'll make up more hypos for the others.
I'll make you laugh some more.
I'll make you proud of me.
I'll marry you.
I'll match anyone's best offer, and add the gold on top of it.
I'll meet the away team in transporter room four.
I'll meet with you at oh eight hundred tomorrow.
I'll meet you in Engineering as soon as you're finished there.
I'll meet you in the lobby in fifteen minutes.
I'll meet you on the Bridge.
I'll modify the planetary scanners.
I'll monitor the coil's transfer rate.
I'll monitor you very carefully.
I'll need a Science Officer at the aft station.
I'll need a little more time to make this decision.
I'll need access to your logs, your files.
I'll need another minute to align the diverter.
I'll need more people in Cargo Bay Five.
I'll need to convert all three shuttlebays to emergency triage centres.
I'll need you with me.
I'll need your access code.
I'll need your advice and recommendations.
I'll negotiate, but I'll have to be very careful in dealing with Karnas.
I'll never know love.
I'll not be responsible for what happens.
I'll note that in my report.
I'll note these coordinates.
I'll notify Doctor Crusher to be standing by.
I'll notify Doctor Moseley.
I'll notify the Captain they're ready.
I'll optimise the plasma flow.
I'll order medical and psychiatric exams.
I'll order warning beacons placed in orbit and on the surface.
I'll order you ejected into space.
I'll pass along your request.
I'll pass that along to the crew, Captain.
I'll play these.
I'll pour the two of you a drink and you can talk all about Krieger waves.
I'll prepare all meals for the Sovereign and her servants.
I'll prepare an away team.
I'll present my compliments to the crew.
I'll put it back on.
I'll recalibrate the sensors to scan for low intensity transmissions.
I'll relay, sir.
I'll release her, of course.
I'll relieve you at zero three zero zero.
I'll remember it next time I'm in a knife fight.
I'll request reassignment.
I'll return your player to you in a moment.
I'll risk none of my crew on that unknown.
I'll run a diagnostic.
I'll run a micro-cellular scan of Mister Barclay's arm.
I'll run a microcellular scan and see if that's what happened.
I'll run a resonance scan, see if anything turns up.
I'll run a scan on the Heisenberg compensators.
I'll run it on holodeck three.
I'll say it again.
I'll say it surprises me.
I'll scare her.
I'll see about getting main power back online.
I'll see him in here.
I'll see if I can get the Klingons' attention.
I'll see if I can match it to Starfleet records.
I'll see if it holds up tomorrow.
I'll see if there's any room left in the class.
I'll see they're sent to your Enterprise quarters.
I'll see to it that these bags are beamed directly to your room, sir.
I'll see to that, and to your accommodations.
I'll see to that.
I'll see what I can do to find you some more time tomorrow.
I'll see what I can do to regenerate those cells.
I'll see you at fourteen hundred hours.
I'll see you at the inquiry.
I'll see you at thirteen hundred hours.
I'll see you get a preliminary report.
I'll see you in five hundred years, Picard.
I'll see you in the Devron system.
I'll see you later, Mother.
I'll see you later, all right?
I'll see you shortly.
I'll see you soon.
I'll see you then.
I'll see you tonight.
I'll see you.
I'll send an away team, Prime Minister.
I'll send those vouchers to you.
I'll send your regrets.
I'll serve you better here.
I'll set the message on auto repeat and see if we get a response.
I'll set up a subspace damping field around the detention cell.
I'll set you up at the medical monitor, Data.
I'll settle it.
I'll shuttle down.
I'll signal for transport as soon as I can.
I'll stand by with the medication, just in case.
I'll start an investigation immediately.
I'll start at the beginning, which is four years ago.
I'll start checking the other decks.
I'll start firing.
I'll stay a little longer.
I'll stay here six hours longer and then we're heading home.
I'll stay here with Data.
I'll stay in the turbolift when the doors open.
I'll stop by the office with a bottle of scotch.
I'll stop her!
I'll stop you.
I'll study them there.
I'll take a dime.
I'll take a look and see if there are any rules I haven't broken.
I'll take a shuttle in.
I'll take another look at the diagnostic log.
I'll take care of him, sir.
I'll take care of it myself.
I'll take care of the Enterprise, Jean-Luc.
I'll take care of you.
I'll take care of your father.
I'll take care.
I'll take my chances.
I'll take over now, Data.
I'll take that as a compliment.
I'll take that as a yes.
I'll take that as another compliment.
I'll take that coin, sir.
I'll take that course when it's the last one left.
I'll take that risk.
I'll take that to Sickbay.
I'll take the entire bolt.
I'll take them to the transporter room.
I'll take you to Captain Picard.
I'll take your silence as confirmation.
I'll take your word for it.
I'll talk to Troi.
I'll talk to her about it.
I'll talk with the Brekkians.
I'll talk you through it.
I'll tell her later.
I'll tell her to contact you.
I'll tell him.
I'll tell them the truth.
I'll tell them to be cautious.
I'll tell them to get you out, too.
I'll tell you all about it.
I'll tell you one thing.
I'll tell you the truth, but I'll deny it if you tell Martin.
I'll tell you what I see.
I'll tell you why not.
I'll think about it.
I'll transfer the coordinates to the transporter room.
I'll try and re-attach the head we have.
I'll try and remember it.
I'll try and shut it off.
I'll try bypassing his subcommands.
I'll try increasing molecular dispersion.
I'll try narrowing the scan field.
I'll try not to disappoint you.
I'll try not to let you down, sir.
I'll try not to take you literally.
I'll try that.
I'll try to activate the ionic dampers.
I'll try to adjust the phaser harmonics to compensate.
I'll try to be only half as annoying.
I'll try to explain.
I'll try to help you.
I'll try to manage.
I'll try to put some of your tactical briefing to good use when we get back.
I'll try to re-acquaint myself with the surroundings.
I'll try to reroute the firing sequence.
I'll try to tap into the command pathways.
I'll try to understand.
I'll try, Captain, but there's a lot of shielding to pull him through.
I'll try, Captain.
I'll try, Counsellor.
I'll try, sir but, this grid looks about a hundred years old.
I'll turn out the lights and just listen.
I'll turn the ship around and come back as soon as I'm
I'll wait here.
I'll wait till forty thousand.
I'll want further exams.
I'll want you to help me find some answers.
I'll watch him for you, Sheriff.
I'll watch the door.
I'll watch where I step.
I'll watch your chips.
I'll welcome our visitor.
I'll wind up on her sacrificial slab.
I'll work even harder than I did before, and I'll succeed brilliantly.
I'll work on this.
I'll, I'll try to make some modifications.
I'm Ard'rian McKenzie.
I'm Bajoran.
I'm Beverly Crusher.
I'm Beverly, he's Geordi, and you.
I'm Beverly.
I'm Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise.
I'm Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the United Federation of Planets.
I'm Captain Jellico.
I'm Captain Picard of the Enterprise.
I'm Captain Picard, commanding this Federation starship.
I'm Clara Sutter.
I'm Commander Bloom from the Yorktown.
I'm Commander Riker, First Officer.
I'm Commander Riker.
I'm Commander William Riker, First Officer of the USS Enterprise.
I'm Commander William Riker, starship Enterprise.
I'm Commander William Riker, your First Officer.
I'm Commander.
I'm Counsellor Deanna Troi.
I'm Cyrus Redblock!
I'm Data.
I'm Deanna Troi, Ship's Counsellor.
I'm Deanna Troi, ship's Counsellor.
I'm Deanna Troi.
I'm Deanna.
I'm Doctor Crusher, and this is Lieutenant Worf.
I'm Doctor Crusher.
I'm Doctor Kingsley.
I'm Doctor Pulaski, Chief Medical Officer.
I'm Doctor Syrus.
I'm First Officer William Riker, Counsellor Deanna Troi.
I'm Geordi.
I'm Jean-Luc Picard, Captain of The Enterprise.
I'm Kareen Brianon, Doctor Graves' assistant.
I'm Keiko's helper in the arboretum today.
I'm Lieutenant Commander Geordi La Forge, Chief Engineer.
I'm Lieutenant Worf, head of ship's Security.
I'm Lieutenant Worf.
I'm Margan.
I'm Marla Aster.
I'm Mendora in the Berussian Cluster.
I'm Ned Quint.
I'm Oliana Mirren, one of the other finalists.
I'm Picard.
I'm Radue, First Appointee to Aldea.
I'm Rishon Uxbridge and this is my husband Kevin.
I'm Valeda Innis, First Electorine of Haven.
I'm Victor Granger, Minister of Health.
I'm Wesley Crusher.
I'm Will Riker.
I'm Wilson Granger, Prime Minister of Mariposa.
I'm Wyatt.
I'm a Betazoid.
I'm a Daughter of the Fifth House, and those people are going to answer to me!
I'm a Mizarian.
I'm a Starfleet officer.
I'm a civilised abductor, Captain Picard.
I'm a coward, and I'm miserable, and I can't go on this way.
I'm a criminal.
I'm a doctor.
I'm a friend.
I'm a gift, to Alrik of Valt.
I'm a great listener.
I'm a little behind schedule, I'll admit that.
I'm a little concerned at the turn this is taking.
I'm a little congested.
I'm a little dizzy, Number One, but none the worse.
I'm a little shaky.
I'm a living being, therefore you can't harm me.
I'm a man of special conscience.
I'm a man without a world.
I'm a medical doctor, for whatever that's worth.
I'm a physician, I've seen death, but not on the scale this could mean.
I'm a physician, don't be frightened.
I'm a security officer.
I'm a simple public servant.
I'm a spirit.
I'm a tolerant man, but I do not tolerate disrespect.
I'm a very lucky man.
I'm a very sensitive man myself.
I'm a woman.
I'm able to feel much more from him now, Captain.
I'm able to scan the interior of the ship now, sir.
I'm about to be a bride.
I'm absolutely lost.
I'm abstaining in honour of your last hour on board.
I'm actually here to tell you that I've decided to cancel the rest of your test.
I'm actually more interested in this cave.
I'm actually on the Enterprise.
I'm adjusting deflectors to compensate.
I'm afraid I agree, Captain.
I'm afraid I can only think of one way.
I'm afraid I can't agree, Captain.
I'm afraid I can't do that.
I'm afraid I can't help you, Mister Leech.
I'm afraid I can't take the credit for it, though.
I'm afraid I can't tell you that either.
I'm afraid I can't tell you that.
I'm afraid I can't, sir.
I'm afraid I can't.
I'm afraid I don't know that one.
I'm afraid I don't know too much about Romulan disruptor settings.
I'm afraid I don't see how a stolen Vulcan ship fits into all this.
I'm afraid I don't understand, Doctor.
I'm afraid I don't understand.
I'm afraid I don't.
I'm afraid I fail to see the point of this investigation, Commander.
I'm afraid I had no choice but to take control of your vessel.
I'm afraid I have no choice.
I'm afraid I have no time to answer a million questions.
I'm afraid I haven't seen him.
I'm afraid I must ask you to do just that.
I'm afraid I must recall you to duty.
I'm afraid I require an explanation, Ambassador.
I'm afraid I still don't understand, sir.
I'm afraid I won't be able to finish our tour.
I'm afraid I'm expected in Engineering.
I'm afraid I'm going to lose myself.
I'm afraid I'm out of my element, Commander.
I'm afraid for him.
I'm afraid he's right, Sovak.
I'm afraid if we try to get any closer, he will jump through the forcefield.
I'm afraid it is.
I'm afraid it won't, so I will save you the humiliation.
I'm afraid it would be impossible for him to attend.
I'm afraid it's bad news.
I'm afraid not, Captain.
I'm afraid not, though I do admit to a certain trepidation.
I'm afraid so, Mother.
I'm afraid that never gets easier.
I'm afraid that was me, Worf.
I'm afraid that will take some time to explain.
I'm afraid that won't be possible just yet.
I'm afraid that you have misinterpreted our presence here.
I'm afraid the closest one is almost a week away.
I'm afraid the contract could be interpreted in that way, sir.
I'm afraid the manager is very busy.
I'm afraid the truth is, you got lost in the bureaucracy.
I'm afraid there are two more injuries in Engineering.
I'm afraid there will be no autopsy.
I'm afraid there's no time for the usual pleasantries.
I'm afraid there's no way we can repair this kind of injury.
I'm afraid they're gone.
I'm afraid to interrupt.
I'm afraid we're a little late.
I'm afraid we're going to have to evacuate your people.
I'm afraid we're going to have to take a look in your vessel.
I'm afraid we've turned that corner already.
I'm afraid you did.
I'm afraid you have me at a disadvantage.
I'm afraid you never did, dear, but you keep trying.
I'm afraid you will find they are not as delicious as your chocolate.
I'm afraid you won't be awake for the ride.
I'm afraid you're correct, Captain.
I'm afraid you're in for a bumpy ride, Commander.
I'm afraid you're not rid of me yet, Commander.
I'm afraid you're the only one who can answer that.
I'm afraid you've broken the bank.
I'm alert, Fit.
I'm alive.
I'm all alone now, sir.
I'm all right, but I think we've got a new problem.
I'm all right, thanks.
I'm almost done.
I'm almost finished, sir.
I'm almost sure of it.
I'm alone in my quarters.
I'm alone, Alex.
I'm alone.
I'm also a bit troubled by it describing you as imperfect.
I'm also an acting officer and I have responsibilities.
I'm also looking forward to seeing Wesley Crusher again.
I'm always looking for the angle, you know.
I'm always nervous.
I'm amazed at the way it can be incorporated with the existing system.
I'm amazed that he even proposed it.
I'm an accomplished pilot.
I'm an expert.
I'm angry with myself for allowing this to happen.
I'm another case for the medical journals, then.
I'm anxious to get started.
I'm arranging a memorial.
I'm as healthy as a Rigelian ox!
I'm as jumpy as Haircut Lapinski trying to land on a fraction.
I'm asking that you keep an eye on your son during all of this, Doctor.
I'm asking too many personal questions.
I'm asking you to look at your career objectively.
I'm asking you to stay.
I'm asking you.
I'm assigning you to head up the Life Sciences on this mission.
I'm assuming you have the Parallax Colony of Shiralea VI?
I'm at level forty seven.
I'm at section twenty three baker, near Sickbay.
I'm at the holodeck.
I'm attemptin to neutralise your pain receptors.
I'm attempting to compensate.
I'm attempting to reform it.
I'm attracted to bald men.
I'm available, Mister Remmick.
I'm aware of that, Doctor.
I'm aware of that, Lieutenant, but your outpost is in imminent danger of attack.
I'm aware of that, Lieutenant.
I'm aware of that, Number One.
I'm aware of the Federation's timetable, Number One.
I'm aware of the legend.
I'm aware of the risks.
I'm aware of your current design system.
I'm aware of your interest in science.
I'm aware there was a private conversation between them.
I'm been sensing very erratic emotions from her.
I'm beginning to feel uncomfortable with her requests.
I'm beginning to like these Nausicaans.
I'm beginning to see the appeal of this programme.
I'm beginning to sense the elevated pheromones you were referring to.
I'm beginning to think maybe you've taken on too many responsibilities.
I'm beginning to think negatively, Jean-Luc.
I'm beginning to think there's not a single thing on this planet we can eat.
I'm beginning to understand what you see in them.
I'm being boarded.
I'm being pulled in.
I'm being rude.
I'm being terribly selfish.
I'm betting against you, fella.
I'm betting they're not going to push it that far.
I'm between jobs right now.
I'm blind.
I'm bored.
I'm bringing the runabout in.
I'm bringing you the hope of leaving this place.
I'm busy at the moment, Wesley.
I'm busy.
I'm bypassing the aft plasma couplings.
I'm called Durango.
I'm calling the Enterprise.
I'm cancelling the test.
I'm cannot, Mister Picard.
I'm cautious because it's quite fragile, and quite irreplaceable.
I'm certain I could disable their ship with a phaser burst, Captain.
I'm certain it can be accomplished.
I'm certain it would never be used to observe a neighbouring species.
I'm certain of that.
I'm certain the Ferengi are behind the faked log.
I'm certain the shields will hold.
I'm certain they'll give you the time you need if you just show a little charm.
I'm certain, Number One.
I'm certainly not special.
I'm characterising pulse widths in nanoseconds.
I'm clear.
I'm closing.
I'm coming down.
I'm coming.
I'm comparing the molecular integrity of that bubble against our phasers.
I'm compensating, but it's slowing things down a bit.
I'm concerned about your future.
I'm concerned about your record.
I'm concerned that he may try to take Jason.
I'm concerned that you've suddenly turned the ship away from it's course.
I'm configuring the disruptors to fire a phase resonant pulse.
I'm confining Lieutenant La Forge to Sickbay until further notice.
I'm considering so many factors I'm confusing myself.
I'm contacting Starfleet to arrange transport.
I'm convinced now it's the right thing, not just for you, but for us too.
I'm convinced that Q isn't telling us everything.
I'm convinced the damage will be irreparable if they're separated.
I'm convinced their invasion fleet is hiding in the McAllister Nebula.
I'm correlating particle trajectories.
I'm counting on those great android reflexes of yours.
I'm curious about how this rare form of communication came about.
I'm curious, Doctor.
I'm curious, Mister Data.
I'm curious, sir.
I'm damned if I can find a thing wrong with him.
I'm deactivating it.
I'm dead.
I'm deeply honoured that you'd think of me, but I have responsibilities.
I'm deeply sorry about the woman.
I'm delighted that you're feeling better, Captain.
I'm delighted to have you aboard.
I'm delighted to hear what you have to say.
I'm delighted.
I'm detailed to take you to Mordan Four as soon as you can be ready, Admiral.
I'm detecting a chroniton field in your room.
I'm detecting a small phase shift in your visual receptors.
I'm detecting high levels of volcanic gases.
I'm disturbing you.
I'm doing a thesis on interspecies mating rituals.
I'm doing everything I can.
I'm doing the best that I can.
I'm done.
I'm dying here.
I'm dying.
I'm eager to see the Enterprise.
I'm eager to see the field modulator in place, Commander.
I'm embarrassed to say.
I'm even considering making an entry myself.
I'm excited, that's all, Doctor.
I'm exhausted.
I'm faced with a dilemma.
I'm familiar with the game.
I'm familiar with the tactical situation.
I'm fashioning an arrow.
I'm feeling a bit unfocused.
I'm feeling pain.
I'm feeling very dizzy.
I'm feeling very much better.
I'm feeling very shaky.
I'm finally beginning to understand what my eyes have been showing me.
I'm finally getting some smarts.
I'm finally taking responsibility.
I'm fine now.
I'm fine, Commander.
I'm fine, Doctor.
I'm fine, really.
I'm finished testing for the day.
I'm finished with talking, sweetheart.
I'm fitter than you are, Picard.
I'm flesh and blood, like you.
I'm forgiven.
I'm frightened.
I'm from another planet called Betazed.
I'm full of them.
I'm getting a slight elevation on monocaladium particulates in this cave wall.
I'm getting an indication of possible trouble in main Engineering, sir.
I'm getting calls from all over the ship.
I'm getting closer.
I'm getting fluctuating waveguide readings.
I'm getting in the habit of thanking you, Picard.
I'm getting married!
I'm getting married.
I'm getting massive somatophysical failure.
I'm getting prepared for tomorrow's meeting in Engineering.
I'm getting quite caught up in this.
I'm getting there.
I'm getting too much interference, Captain.
I'm getting us out of sensor range.
I'm getting used to it.
I'm getting very confusing readings.
I'm giving him command of the Enterprise this afternoon.
I'm giving you a direct order.
I'm giving you an order, Mister O'Brien.
I'm giving you something that should help with the pain.
I'm glad I don't have anywhere to go.
I'm glad I have the chance to thank you.
I'm glad I ran into the two of you.
I'm glad I was in there somewhere.
I'm glad for you, too.
I'm glad it did.
I'm glad it pleases you, Commander.
I'm glad it's gone.
I'm glad that you felt you could, well, come to me.
I'm glad they've been useful.
I'm glad to be of service.
I'm glad to hear you say so, sir.
I'm glad we got you back, Geordi.
I'm glad we've got that straightened out.
I'm glad you brought this to my attention, Deanna.
I'm glad you came to say goodbye.
I'm glad you could join us, Mister Barclay.
I'm glad you did.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
I'm glad you got the chance to meet your mother.
I'm glad you stayed in.
I'm glad you stopped by.
I'm glad you told me.
I'm glad you weren't that hard on Ensign Lopez.
I'm glad you're still one of us.
I'm glad you're with us on the Enterprise.
I'm glad, Father.
I'm glad, Jean-Luc.
I'm glad, Mark.
I'm glad.
I'm going after him.
I'm going back for Captain Picard.
I'm going back to the nineteenth century to get the Captain.
I'm going down to the planet myself.
I'm going in to dinner now, Doctor.
I'm going into labour.
I'm going to agree to the meeting.
I'm going to ask all of you to come down to the station for questioning.
I'm going to attempt to run an active bypass through the plasma flow convertor.
I'm going to be fine.
I'm going to beam down.
I'm going to beam him out of there.
I'm going to beam over there.
I'm going to become part of you, Beverly.
I'm going to bed early.
I'm going to bring her aboard.
I'm going to capture it.
I'm going to change the differential current pattern and see what happens.
I'm going to check out your higher functions.
I'm going to check the status of the warp core.
I'm going to contact Starfleet Command.
I'm going to crash.
I'm going to die out here.
I'm going to do the only honourable thing there is to do.
I'm going to do what I should have done the first time.
I'm going to extend shore leave on the starbase to anyone who wants it.
I'm going to figure a way out of this situation.
I'm going to find her.
I'm going to find it.
I'm going to find out when and where we're supposed to deliver our cargo.
I'm going to get help.
I'm going to get some answers out of that desk clerk.
I'm going to get worse, not better.
I'm going to give it to them.
I'm going to give you one more opportunity, Sheriff, to avoid a ugly situation.
I'm going to go again, only this time I'm going to dress the part.
I'm going to go finish it over here.
I'm going to go look for the shuttle myself.
I'm going to have Davies run that ico-gram.
I'm going to have Engineering run a full physical on you.
I'm going to have this baby.
I'm going to have to dispose of this safely It's very volatile.
I'm going to have to do a complete internal scan.
I'm going to have to do some analysis on it.
I'm going to have to do this at the manual input level, sir.
I'm going to have to get her back to the Enterprise.
I'm going to have to leave for a while to see to my duties.
I'm going to have to sterilise the area.
I'm going to have to throttle back on the main impulse engines.
I'm going to head back to the ship.
I'm going to head for those trees over there.
I'm going to holodeck three.
I'm going to hook your nervous systems to the tricorder.
I'm going to interconnect them.
I'm going to keep them at it for another seventy two.
I'm going to kill your son, Picard, just like you killed mine.
I'm going to look at my old cabin.
I'm going to look for a way out.
I'm going to make him leave Rita alone.
I'm going to make this simple for you, Mister Crusher.
I'm going to miss you, Jean-Luc.
I'm going to need more power to the tractor beam.
I'm going to pilot the shuttle.
I'm going to practise that and I'll let you know.
I'm going to refocus the impulse pattern on the interpretative cortex.
I'm going to report this, Riker.
I'm going to run a complete blood and tissue analysis.
I'm going to show her how the magic works.
I'm going to start sending down other away teams.
I'm going to start you on a neuro-stabilisation regimen.
I'm going to stroll the ship.
I'm going to take care of Jeremy and make him happy.
I'm going to take her places no human has ever seen.
I'm going to take you up to Sickbay.
I'm going to talk to it.
I'm going to teach you how this game is played, boy.
I'm going to tell them what happened.
I'm going to the Academy.
I'm going to the station.
I'm going to transport them over here.
I'm going to transporter room three.
I'm going to trust your expertise.
I'm going to try accessing the logs from another console.
I'm going to try augmenting the frequency spread.
I'm going to try re-calibrating the field generators.
I'm going to try to contact her telepathically.
I'm going to try to continue the work to cure these people.
I'm going to use it to manoeuvre into transporter range.
I'm going with Worf on this one.
I'm grasping at straws here.
I'm grateful.
I'm guilty of a terrible crime, Doctor.
I'm guilty of reaching out to you, of hoping we could connect.
I'm happy for you.
I'm happy here.
I'm happy to help.
I'm harmless and not quite yet ready for mercy killing.
I'm having a delightful visit.
I'm having a little debate with the colony's leader.
I'm having a problem with Clara.
I'm having contractions.
I'm having difficulty holding the moment.
I'm having difficulty keeping the shields up.
I'm having difficulty.
I'm having to hold at warp seven just to maintain our position.
I'm having trouble concentrating myself.
I'm having trouble keeping the impulse engines online.
I'm having trouble navigating.
I'm having trouble scanning the interior.
I'm having trouble standing up.
I'm having trouble waking up.
I'm heading towards the Bridge.
I'm here as the man who stood with you before the High Council.
I'm here as their representative.
I'm here because you're in danger.
I'm here for the boy.
I'm here for the briefing, sir.
I'm here now, Wesley.
I'm here studying the intricacies of Bajoran aqueduct management.
I'm here to ask.
I'm here to brief you on what he plans.
I'm here to care for him.
I'm here to escort you on a tour of the Enterprise.
I'm here to help but I don't have to like it.
I'm here to investigate a possible threat to Vulcan.
I'm here to relax, not to dodge bullets.
I'm here to relieve you of command of the Enterprise.
I'm here to rest and spend some time with my family.
I'm here to save a people who I care about.
I'm here to say goodbye.
I'm here to see Soren.
I'm here to stop you from making a serious mistake.
I'm here with my hand out, son.
I'm here with team six.
I'm here, Jean-Luc.
I'm here, Mary.
I'm here, aren't I?
I'm hesitant to let him go back until he's been evaluated.
I'm his mother.
I'm home.
I'm honoured to be chosen to serve my people as an emissary of peace.
I'm honoured.
I'm hopeless.
I'm hoping it's a medical scanner.
I'm hoping to learn more.
I'm human, I can learn.
I'm immersed in my music.
I'm immortal again.
I'm in Engineering, sir.
I'm in a dreadful mood.
I'm in command of this vessel.
I'm in for ten.
I'm in for twenty.
I'm in holodeck two.
I'm in my quarters, and I'm pretty busy right at the moment, Jean-Luc.
I'm in no mood for your foolishness, Q.
I'm in the cargo hold.
I'm in the mood for something salty.
I'm in trouble.
I'm in two hundred.
I'm in.
I'm incomplete.
I'm interested in your mating practices.
I'm interested to know what you thought about our plans.
I'm interfaced with this probe.
I'm investigating Lieutenant Kwan's death, and I just wanted to look around.
I'm just a fictional character.
I'm just a little disoriented, that's all.
I'm just a little distracted.
I'm just a little more contemplative.
I'm just a man who's looking for answers.
I'm just a nice guy at heart.
I'm just a physician, Minister.
I'm just about to bring the warp core online.
I'm just acknowledging my limitations.
I'm just afraid she's not making any real friends.
I'm just an acting ensign.
I'm just an average, everyday human who happens to be a Commander.
I'm just asking.
I'm just biding my time til it gets here, raising a stake any way I can.
I'm just charting progress of the course of the sun.
I'm just clearing away the dirt.
I'm just examining you for radiation injuries.
I'm just fine, sir.
I'm just glad that humans have progressed beyond the need for barbaric display.
I'm just glad to have you back.
I'm just here to deliver these.
I'm just here to do some work on my own.
I'm just hypothesising that he's in love with you.
I'm just intrigued.
I'm just leaving.
I'm just not adequate company right now.
I'm just not ready to give up my life here.
I'm just not sure about anything.
I'm just questioning the speed at which we're moving.
I'm just setting traps.
I'm just so pleased you've got good manners.
I'm just sorry I did.
I'm just starting a complete medical work-up.
I'm just thinking that I'm saying goodbye to you as you are today.
I'm just tired from working with the Cairn.
I'm just tired of standing up.
I'm just tired, that's all.
I'm just tired.
I'm just trying to be as dull as possible.
I'm just trying to brighten things up around here.
I'm just trying to dislodge this power cell.
I'm just trying to figure a way out.
I'm just trying to figure the man out.
I'm just trying to find a solution that would satisfy everyone.
I'm just trying to get a higher conversion level, that's all.
I'm just trying to get a slightly higher power conversion level.
I'm just trying to get to the bottom of the mystery.
I'm just trying to give you a reason why you might've thought that she was.
I'm just trying to make things even, to preserve the peace.
I'm just trying to make you feel comfortable.
I'm just trying to preserve the peace.
I'm just trying to trace her steps.
I'm just trying to uncover the truth, and I need your help to do it.
I'm just very tired, that's all.
I'm kidding.
I'm leading an away team over there to get the Captain back.
I'm learning so much just by being around you.
I'm leaving Starfleet.
I'm leaving at twenty one hundred hours.
I'm leaving school.
I'm left alone here.
I'm letting Mister Homn take care of all the mundane details.
I'm like a caveman confronted by a tricorder.
I'm like to take him back to do an autopsy.
I'm living proof.
I'm loading the adult patterns into the buffer.
I'm locked onto Commander Data and the boy, sir.
I'm locked up in here for days.
I'm locking off the bay launch doors, Captain.
I'm looking for some Klingon friends of mine.
I'm looking for you.
I'm looking forward to it.
I'm looking forward to meeting this Groppler Zorn.
I'm looking forward to next time.
I'm looking forward to reading your report.
I'm looking forward to serving with you, Commander.
I'm looking forward very much to meeting with the Premier of Iyar.
I'm looking.
I'm losing control.
I'm losing her signal!
I'm losing him!
I'm losing him.
I'm losing his pulse!
I'm losing his signal.
I'm losing it.
I'm losing my shirt.
I'm losing orbit.
I'm losing power.
I'm losing the interface.
I'm losing the pattern.
I'm losing them I have to abort.
I'm losing them.
I'm making a cup for my father.
I'm making a hole for the seeds.
I'm merely stating a fact, Admiral.
I'm merely trying to assist a pitiful species.
I'm merely trying to come up with some explanation for your abduction.
I'm modulating nutation.
I'm monitoring a slight energy buildup near your position.
I'm more certain of it now than ever.
I'm more concerned with Lieutenant Minnerly's kick boxing.
I'm more interested in how you feel about what happened.
I'm more optimistic about getting what we need from the woman.
I'm mortal and I survived.
I'm much more concerned about other people getting on with their lives.
I'm much obliged for your help.
I'm needed.
I'm neither competent nor qualified to answer those.
I'm never been very comfortable in crowded rooms.
I'm never going to feel this way about anyone else.
I'm no longer Imzadi to you?
I'm no longer a member of the Continuum.
I'm no scientist.
I'm not Ardra.
I'm not Starfleet, I'm a civilian.
I'm not a Bridge officer, but.
I'm not a child.
I'm not a hero.
I'm not a model officer.
I'm not a murderer.
I'm not a supreme being.
I'm not a young man.
I'm not accusing you of anything, Mister Uxbridge.
I'm not accusing you of anything.
I'm not accustomed to losing things, Commander.
I'm not accustomed to seeing an unsatisfactory rating for one of my crew.
I'm not accustomed to working with non-living devices that.
I'm not afraid of Mickey D.
I'm not afraid of anything.
I'm not afraid of you.
I'm not allowed to talk about it.
I'm not amused, Number One.
I'm not an artist.
I'm not an invalid.
I'm not angry.
I'm not anxious to make a fool of myself.
I'm not anybody you'd want for a son.
I'm not anything now, Number One.
I'm not armed.
I'm not as young as I used to be.
I'm not ashamed of what I did.
I'm not at liberty to say, Picard, but negotiations are no longer the answer.
I'm not aware that I ever babble, sir.
I'm not brooding.
I'm not certain of that now, Captain.
I'm not certain yet.
I'm not complaining.
I'm not concerned with fashion.
I'm not concerned.
I'm not content simply to obey orders.
I'm not convinced it is a ghost.
I'm not crazy!
I'm not crazy.
I'm not cringing.
I'm not dead!
I'm not discounting that possibility.
I'm not doing you a favour.
I'm not dressed properly.
I'm not eighteen.
I'm not even close to fine.
I'm not even sure how it was done yet.
I'm not even sure it's real.
I'm not exactly sure you can call it a recovery, sir.
I'm not exactly what you'd call Starfleet material.
I'm not feeling myself.
I'm not finding anything.
I'm not forgetting that.
I'm not from Nottingham.
I'm not getting a comm.
I'm not getting anything.
I'm not getting much, Captain.
I'm not giving up yet.
I'm not going anywhere to watch anything.
I'm not going anywhere until you tell me what's going on.
I'm not going anywhere with you!
I'm not going back, Data.
I'm not going to argue with you, Gul Lemec.
I'm not going to be able to help you.
I'm not going to be disturbing him, I'll just give him the message.
I'm not going to become your wife!
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to fight you.
I'm not going to leave you down there.
I'm not going to let them ruin your career, Wesley.
I'm not going to let you die.
I'm not going to let you waste this.
I'm not going to lie to them again, Nick.
I'm not going to make myself an exception to the Darwin quarantine.
I'm not going to play anymore.
I'm not going to see you again.
I'm not going to stay locked up on this ship while the investigation's going on.
I'm not going to win this one, am I.
I'm not good in groups.
I'm not happy about this use of a Betazoid.
I'm not her slave.
I'm not here as your captain.
I'm not here for a tour, laddie.
I'm not here in search of relics.
I'm not here to approve or disapprove of the way you raise your son.
I'm not here to command.
I'm not here to see anyone.
I'm not here to work out the issues of our childhood.
I'm not human.
I'm not hungry.
I'm not implying that you did anything intentional.
I'm not interested in any of those things.
I'm not interested in human interpersonal relationships.
I'm not interested in the specs, Geordi.
I'm not interested in what you have to say, Klingon.
I'm not interested.
I'm not leaving him here alone.
I'm not leaving those people stranded back there.
I'm not leaving.
I'm not mad at you.
I'm not much for gothic fiction.
I'm not much good to you, Wesley.
I'm not nearly as convinces of their ability to creatively give them.
I'm not necessarily expecting anything romantic here.
I'm not opening the door for him, Captain.
I'm not ordering you to take part in it.
I'm not particularly impressed.
I'm not picking any subspace emissions from the ship at all, Captain.
I'm not picking up anything.
I'm not playing any further.
I'm not prepared for this.
I'm not prepared to answer, yet.
I'm not prepared to risk your life.
I'm not programmed to give you that information.
I'm not qualified.
I'm not reading any life signs in the drive section.
I'm not reading anything like that.
I'm not really familiar with that protocol.
I'm not really with you, Geordi.
I'm not releasing you.
I'm not scheming, I'm deciding.
I'm not seeing anybody.
I'm not seeing anything.
I'm not seeking your consent.
I'm not senile, you know.
I'm not sorry I saved their lives.
I'm not sorry for the path I chose.
I'm not suggesting anything.
I'm not suggesting that we do.
I'm not suggesting.
I'm not supposed to be here, sir.
I'm not supposed to be kidnapped now.
I'm not supposed to let anyone but the senior officers inside Sickbay.
I'm not sure I can.
I'm not sure I could.
I'm not sure I do either.
I'm not sure I have a specific recommendation.
I'm not sure I know what that means.
I'm not sure I want to find out.
I'm not sure I want to remember that.
I'm not sure I would be so generous in your place, Captain.
I'm not sure I'd like to invite a bunch of Klingons on board.
I'm not sure I'd like to live in this place.
I'm not sure I'd want my mother to be flying through space with me.
I'm not sure about the air supply, so stay put, don't move around.
I'm not sure anyone can.
I'm not sure he did.
I'm not sure how much I can protect you.
I'm not sure how to begin.
I'm not sure how we go about mapping something we can't see.
I'm not sure of your point.
I'm not sure that I can tell you.
I'm not sure that I can.
I'm not sure that I concur with that reasoning, Doctor.
I'm not sure that I do.
I'm not sure that I'm making any sense.
I'm not sure that it does to me, but maybe I'll do better next time.
I'm not sure that you will be able to integrate it into your programme.
I'm not sure that's true.
I'm not sure there's much we could contribute to the investigation.
I'm not sure we can.
I'm not sure we have any legal basis for such a prosecution.
I'm not sure we have.
I'm not sure what I'm feeling.
I'm not sure what else I can do.
I'm not sure what happened next but somehow I got aboard the shuttle and left.
I'm not sure what happened.
I'm not sure what it is.
I'm not sure whether we should go over this hill or that one.
I'm not sure which one to feel sorry for.
I'm not sure who to feel sorry for, the Captain or the kids.
I'm not sure who wants me dead.
I'm not sure yet, sir.
I'm not sure you were prepared for that.
I'm not sure, Captain.
I'm not sure, Mister Worf.
I'm not sure, Wes.
I'm not sure, but I wouldn't try suggesting it.
I'm not sure, but they were calling me to the southern polar region.
I'm not surprised at Gosheven's behaviour.
I'm not surprised that you haven't heard of it.
I'm not taking you anywhere.
I'm not talking about parenting.
I'm not talking about the base.
I'm not talking to you.
I'm not that far gone, am I?
I'm not that hungry.
I'm not the one making judgements.
I'm not the one that causes the annihilation of mankind.
I'm not trying to justify leaving you behind.
I'm not upset with you, Data, really.
I'm not used to it.
I'm not usually one for distrust at first sight, but this may be an exception.
I'm not very good with children.
I'm not very good.
I'm not very hungry.
I'm not willing to give them up.
I'm not willing to let this thing keep drilling into him.
I'm not worried about Tin Man.
I'm not worried about that, Jean-Luc.
I'm not wrong.
I'm not your commander.
I'm not your judge, nor is it my duty to arbitrate.
I'm not your uncle.
I'm not, sir.
I'm offering him a chance to recover fully.
I'm officially placing the Enterprise on detached duty.
I'm on deck ten.
I'm on it, Captain.
I'm on it, sir.
I'm on my ship, on the surface.
I'm on my way to Engineering.
I'm on my way to look in on your patient.
I'm on my way to the Bridge.
I'm on my way to the holodeck.
I'm on my way, Doctor.
I'm on my way, Lieutenant.
I'm on my way, Number One.
I'm on my way, sir.
I'm on the bridge of my old ship.
I'm on the right wing.
I'm only a scientist.
I'm only aware of the crew and the families on board the ship.
I'm only going to tell you this just once.
I'm only level ten.
I'm only performing a physical.
I'm only receiving their automated distress signal now.
I'm only responding because of your warning.
I'm only trying to help, dear.
I'm only worried about your state of mind, Doctor.
I'm open for suggestions.
I'm out.
I'm outraged by this.
I'm overreacting?
I'm overwhelmed, Captain Picard.
I'm picking up a massive power fluctuations.
I'm picking up a neutrino emission from within the null space.
I'm picking up a piece of his trail, sir.
I'm picking up a power surge.
I'm picking up a small vessel bearing one two seven mark three three five.
I'm picking up an increase in accretion matter filtering in from the terminus.
I'm picking up an object off the port bow.
I'm picking up another echo on the long range sensor display here.
I'm picking up atmospheric gasses in the corridor.
I'm picking up cellular degradation.
I'm picking up some Starfleet fibre traces and human cellular debris.
I'm picking up some subspace signals, but I can't seem to get a lock on them.
I'm picking up sporadic life signs throughout the saucer section.
I'm picking up the gravitational wavefronts.
I'm picking up three proximity sensors around it.
I'm picking up visual wavelengths only.
I'm pleased to have a medical colleague aboard.
I'm pleased you agreed to meet with us, Mister Keeve.
I'm pleased you still remember.
I'm pleased.
I'm postponing the quasar study for the moment.
I'm prepared to be cooperative.
I'm prepared to lead the Enterprise back myself, Captain Picard.
I'm prepared to offer you one last chance to change your mind.
I'm prepared to take that risk.
I'm pretty damned cranky, thank you.
I'm pretty sure they know we're here.
I'm pretty sure we can do it manually.
I'm prevented from that by a promise.
I'm probably not as skilled as you, but I'm not inexperienced.
I'm proud of all of you.
I'm proud of you, Reg.
I'm proud of you.
I'm puzzled too.
I'm quite overwhelmed.
I'm quite recovered from my experience, thank you.
I'm quite sure of that.
I'm quitting the game.
I'm rather busy now.
I'm re-engaging warp engines, Captain.
I'm re-routing the secondary deuterium supply.
I'm reading a massive feed-back.
I'm reading a ninety two percent increase in mass!
I'm reading a severe subspace distortion, sir.
I'm reading a slight fluctuation in the isocortex.
I'm reading a spike in the warp field array.
I'm reading a steady circulation.
I'm reading a weapon in transit with Commander Data.
I'm reading an ionic fluctuation in the matter stream.
I'm reading dozens of them.
I'm reading elevated neutrino levels in the cabin.
I'm reading forty percent on forward shields.
I'm reading forty seven of them around the perimeter.
I'm reading one life form, very weak signs.
I'm reading power fluctuations.
I'm reading something off the starboard bow, but there is nothing there.
I'm ready for Admiral Jameson now.
I'm ready for new challenges now.
I'm ready for that briefing whenever you are.
I'm ready here.
I'm ready to go.
I'm ready to pull you out of there.
I'm ready to transport down to the surface.
I'm ready to try the new warp field.
I'm ready, Commander.
I'm real.
I'm really looking forward to it.
I'm really not interested in competition.
I'm really not very good.
I'm really perfectly fine.
I'm really quite dull.
I'm really sorry that we bothered you.
I'm really sorry!
I'm really terribly sorry.
I'm really very sorry about what happened in the turbolift.
I'm receiving new coordinates.
I'm receiving one side only.
I'm receiving the coordinates now.
I'm remembering something from a few years ago.
I'm reminded of piano lessons when I was a child.
I'm rerouting the deuterium flow.
I'm rerouting to secondary injector power now.
I'm rescuing her from that miserable existence.
I'm resigning from the Academy.
I'm resting, sir.
I'm restless.
I'm resuming my duties, Doctor.
I'm returning to the Q'Maire.
I'm right behind you.
I'm right here, Geordi, and so are Doctor Crusher and Captain Picard.
I'm right here.
I'm right, aren't I?
I'm right.
I'm running a computer simulation to test a new warp field configuration.
I'm running a level one diagnostic.
I'm running a level three diagnostic now.
I'm running a programme on holodeck three.
I'm running a subneural scan.
I'm running every stabilisation routine I know.
I'm running out of time.
I'm saying I'm not a teacher, nor do I wish to become one.
I'm saying this as a friend, not your superior officer.
I'm saying this to you as a friend.
I'm scanning for your ship.
I'm scanning.
I'm scared, Geordi.
I'm scared, Guinan.
I'm scared, Isabella.
I'm seeing a complicated set of conditions.
I'm seeing my reflection in a panel.
I'm seeing widespread bonding to neuro-receptors.
I'm sending out a transient subspace signal.
I'm sense nothing but good intentions from them, Captain.
I'm sensing nothing from them Captain.
I'm serving as host for these proceedings.
I'm setting the fractionater to a continuous cycle.
I'm setting the yield at maximum.
I'm setting this to level sixteen, wide field.
I'm setting up a force field round the chamber.
I'm setting up a schedule to test every member of the crew.
I'm severing the brain stem now.
I'm showing phaser banks up to seventy percent efficiency.
I'm showing two thousand and twelve colonists aboard.
I'm sick of this game.
I'm sick of war.
I'm sick to death of hearing about rights!
I'm simply considering all possibilities.
I'm so excited this evening.
I'm so glad that you're here, Worf.
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so relieved.
I'm so sorry, Aaron.
I'm so sorry, Timicin.
I'm so used to sensing what people are feeling, and now I can't.
I'm something of a student of human nature, and I find this all fascinating.
I'm sorry I bothered you.
I'm sorry I got you in trouble.
I'm sorry I had to go away when you were so little.
I'm sorry I had to hide it like that.
I'm sorry I had to.
I'm sorry I have to go away.
I'm sorry I hurt you.
I'm sorry I lost my temper.
I'm sorry I'm not what you hoped for.
I'm sorry about the delay, but we weren't expecting visitors.
I'm sorry about this Gu, Gloria.
I'm sorry about this, Dix.
I'm sorry about this.
I'm sorry about your loss but we need your help now.
I'm sorry as well.
I'm sorry but I can't dismiss those lives so easily.
I'm sorry but this is nonsense.
I'm sorry but you have your orders.
I'm sorry for intruding.
I'm sorry for what happened.
I'm sorry he's on the ship.
I'm sorry if I caused you any alarm.
I'm sorry if I embarrassed you.
I'm sorry if I hurt you in the process.
I'm sorry if I overstepped my authority.
I'm sorry if I startled you.
I'm sorry if he bothered you.
I'm sorry if she troubled you, sir.
I'm sorry if that offends you.
I'm sorry if the system blackouts we requested inconvenienced you.
I'm sorry if you're upset.
I'm sorry my ship broke down.
I'm sorry sir.
I'm sorry that he let you down.
I'm sorry that we can't take that walk in the Arboretum.
I'm sorry that we could not come to your aid sooner.
I'm sorry they startled you, Mrs.
I'm sorry this mission will delay your reunion with your mother.
I'm sorry to bother you with it, but I need it done quickly.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a little concerned.
I'm sorry to disappoint you.
I'm sorry to disturb you, sir.
I'm sorry to inform you the Admiral is critically ill.
I'm sorry to interrupt, but we have a problem.
I'm sorry to offend you, Gul Dolak, but we cannot withdraw.
I'm sorry to say he's probably right.
I'm sorry we were unable to rescue the other two.
I'm sorry you feel that way.
I'm sorry you had to learn about my decision this way.
I'm sorry you never knew the woman Tasha became.
I'm sorry you stopped to help.
I'm sorry you're involved.
I'm sorry you've been inconvenienced.
I'm sorry, Ambassador.
I'm sorry, Captain Picard, but you are not Ardra.
I'm sorry, Captain, I was only trying to help.
I'm sorry, Captain, it's out of the question.
I'm sorry, Chief.
I'm sorry, Corey.
I'm sorry, Counsellor, I'm not sure what to do here.
I'm sorry, Counsellor, but you must.
I'm sorry, Doctor Graves.
I'm sorry, Doctor, I think we're going to have to shut it down.
I'm sorry, Ensign, I didn't mean to take it out on you.
I'm sorry, Father.
I'm sorry, Geordi.
I'm sorry, I can't discuss it.
I'm sorry, I can't tell you that yet.
I'm sorry, I couldn't take the chance.
I'm sorry, I didn't get your name.
I'm sorry, I didn't know.
I'm sorry, I do not mean to insult you.
I'm sorry, I do not remember it, DaiMon Bok.
I'm sorry, I don't have time to give you another lesson right now, Data.
I'm sorry, I don't know what you are trying to tell me.
I'm sorry, I don't understand.
I'm sorry, I don't wish to help you.
I'm sorry, I don't.
I'm sorry, I have to go now.
I'm sorry, I hope that I didn't put you to a lot of trouble but I can't stay.
I'm sorry, I just can't do this.
I'm sorry, I must have misunderstood.
I'm sorry, I really am too busy for this kind of nonsense.
I'm sorry, I'm going to stop them.
I'm sorry, I'm not familiar with that term.
I'm sorry, I'm not feeling very well.
I'm sorry, I'm not helping, am I?
I'm sorry, Mother.
I'm sorry, Nikolai.
I'm sorry, Picard.
I'm sorry, Rivan, but this was necessary.
I'm sorry, Vash.
I'm sorry, Wesley.
I'm sorry, Will, but you must wait.
I'm sorry, Will, but you're going to have to accept that.
I'm sorry, Will, your information is out of date.
I'm sorry, and I didn't mean to get so upset with you at the reception.
I'm sorry, but I think he wants to stay.
I'm sorry, but I woke up early and I saw that a weather system was moving in it.
I'm sorry, but I'm required to-
I'm sorry, but anything could be important.
I'm sorry, but there's nothing I can do to bring him back.
I'm sorry, but we're finished here.
I'm sorry, it was an honest mistake.
I'm sorry, it's all gone.
I'm sorry, little one.
I'm sorry, sir, but it seems like I am.
I'm sorry, sir, but the regulations are very specific.
I'm sorry, sir, but we're going to have to reconfigure this plasma conduit.
I'm sorry, the array has already been allocated to Engineering.
I'm sorry, there is nothing I can do.
I'm sorry, there will be no autopsy.
I'm sorry, there's no choice.
I'm sorry, there's nothing else we can do.
I'm sorry, this is becoming a speech.
I'm sorry, was there something you wanted to say?
I'm sorry, whom did you say?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry?
I'm sort of the hands-on type.
I'm standing directly in front of the gate.
I'm starting an analysis on the magnetic coils.
I'm starting to get a stable DNA scan.
I'm starting to get sensor resolution.
I'm starting to get some fumes.
I'm staying here.
I'm staying.
I'm still a little uncomfortable with your leading this away team.
I'm still concerned, Captain.
I'm still empathic.
I'm still hitting a file wall.
I'm still looking for Lieutenant Rocha's.
I'm still not comfortable leaving you here alone.
I'm still not comfortable with that final speech.
I'm still not sure we're even transmitting.
I'm still not thinking straight.
I'm still on Enterprise time.
I'm still reading some chlorinide leakage, but I can't pin it down.
I'm still recovering from all those desserts last night.
I'm still running the decontamination programme.
I'm still waiting for some test results.
I'm still waiting for that statistical analysis.
I'm still waiting to wash my feet.
I'm still walking uphill.
I'm still working on alien references to substances like these.
I'm strong.
I'm studying the components in your prosthesis.
I'm suggesting that maybe we all were.
I'm supposed to be dead.
I'm supposed to be feeding the baby lunch.
I'm supposed to be getting married, Data.
I'm supposed to be on duty in Engineering.
I'm supposed to do everything right all the time.
I'm supposed to know how everyone feels but, I can't read you right now.
I'm supposed to know how everyone feels, but I can't read you right now.
I'm supposed to wait for Counsellor Troi.
I'm sure Captain Picard will request you.
I'm sure Commander Riker wants to hear how close you are to a breakthrough.
I'm sure Commander Riker will be able to explain everything, Captain.
I'm sure Gowron will ask.
I'm sure I can find some time to help you, sir.
I'm sure I can resolve that.
I'm sure I looked terrible with my eyes all red and swollen from crying.
I'm sure I will.
I'm sure I won't.
I'm sure I'll be fine.
I'm sure I'll find everything I need.
I'm sure I'm more articulate than that.
I'm sure Mister Data has a very good explanation.
I'm sure Mrs.
I'm sure as hell not going to beam up whatever might be down there.
I'm sure everyone understands perfectly.
I'm sure going to miss 'em.
I'm sure half the ship knows that by now.
I'm sure he could see to it that Alexander was admitted.
I'm sure he does.
I'm sure he was confused.
I'm sure he'll be thrilled to know there are two of us now.
I'm sure he'll do very well.
I'm sure he's got twenty witnesses.
I'm sure it can wait a few minutes.
I'm sure it did.
I'm sure it is safe, otherwise it would not have been loaded.
I'm sure it was fascinating, Wesley.
I'm sure it was told to me in confidence.
I'm sure it was you.
I'm sure it will all work out.
I'm sure it won't be long before your words do justice to your thoughts.
I'm sure it'll all work out.
I'm sure it's been a long time.
I'm sure it's not equipped to handle something of this scale, Will.
I'm sure it's nothing serious.
I'm sure it's nothing, but he seems preoccupied lately.
I'm sure it's really quite fascinating.
I'm sure it's very rewarding in its way.
I'm sure most will be much more interesting.
I'm sure neither of us feels too comfortable sitting around in the Neutral Zone.
I'm sure no one here has that in mind, sir.
I'm sure others have a more militant attitude.
I'm sure our superiors feel their orders are justified.
I'm sure she is.
I'm sure she'll be able to resolve all problems.
I'm sure she'll be delighted if we sped things along.
I'm sure she'll be satisfactory.
I'm sure she'll feel the same way.
I'm sure that Lieutenant Riker will be happy to help you with that.
I'm sure that Mrs.
I'm sure that after a while you'll be able to adjust.
I'm sure that he will be happy to come here and investigate this matter.
I'm sure that to the Antedeans, we are equally unattractive.
I'm sure that was something that your grandfather understood.
I'm sure that wasn't your intent.
I'm sure that'll help.
I'm sure that's beyond your comprehension, Q.
I'm sure that's true.
I'm sure the Federation will be very proud of us.
I'm sure the Federation will want to help in any way that it can.
I'm sure the Klingons found it amusing to put us in here together.
I'm sure the Tanugans will too.
I'm sure the cake is fine.
I'm sure the health and safety inspection won't last much longer.
I'm sure the others will be here soon.
I'm sure the replicator will have one on file.
I'm sure the waiting list so long I'd be grey before I got here.
I'm sure there are other assignments you could be given in the interim.
I'm sure there wasn't a bit of truth to it.
I'm sure there's something you can be doing with your time.
I'm sure they are.
I'm sure they have many common experiences.
I'm sure they monitor the border at all times for terrorist activity.
I'm sure they understand.
I'm sure they'll be celebrating the festival.
I'm sure they'll be painless.
I'm sure they'll turn up.
I'm sure this change in command has taken everyone a little by surprise.
I'm sure this whole thing is as much a surprise to you as it is to me.
I'm sure we all have.
I'm sure we can arrange for you to have more off duty time while they're here.
I'm sure we can come to a fair deal for payment.
I'm sure we can handle this, whatever it is, Commander.
I'm sure we can talk about this.
I'm sure we could all use a little shore leave after this survey's completed.
I'm sure we could use a respite.
I'm sure we won't.
I'm sure we'd know.
I'm sure you are aware of the procedure involving passengers.
I'm sure you could've trusted her to keep it quiet.
I'm sure you did.
I'm sure you hated every minute of it.
I'm sure you have to meditate, or hit yourself with a pain stick or something.
I'm sure you have, but Bok is a dangerous creature.
I'm sure you know the best way.
I'm sure you misunderstood.
I'm sure you understand that.
I'm sure you want some time alone.
I'm sure you will understand when I explain.
I'm sure you would do no less for me.
I'm sure you would find their sybaritic outlook on life very appealing.
I'm sure you would have some fascinating insights into the events of your time.
I'm sure you would, if the situation were reversed.
I'm sure you'd be ideal, and you must have some intriguing memories.
I'm sure you'll agree to that.
I'm sure you'll find everything is in order.
I'm sure you'll find them quite comfortable.
I'm sure you'll have a wonderful time.
I'm sure you're all right.
I'm sure you're as concerned as I am about the explosion aboard K'mpec's vessel.
I'm sure you're glad to hear that.
I'm sure you're right.
I'm sure you're the topic of conversation at every table in this room.
I'm sure you've earned it.
I'm sure you've misunderstood.
I'm sure your fellow Q remember you agreed to never trouble our species again.
I'm sure your patients recover quickly just to get away from you.
I'm sure your starship will be back for you soon.
I'm sure your work will be hailed as a stunning breakthrough.
I'm sure, I'm sure.
I'm surprised at you, Gillespie.
I'm surprised either of them survived.
I'm surprised it lasted this long.
I'm surprised that you let her come in here.
I'm surprised they don't happen more often.
I'm surprised to see you here at this hour.
I'm surprised you let this part of the ship get this dirty.
I'm surprised you stayed our of the action as long as you did.
I'm surprised you woke me.
I'm taking a huge risk here, and there are a lot of lives at stake.
I'm taking a terrible risk telling you that.
I'm taking her in.
I'm taking the engines offline.
I'm taking this up with you, Will!
I'm taking us in, Data.
I'm taking you back to the Enterprise to release Counsellor Troi.
I'm talking about a man named Debin.
I'm talking about humour, fun.
I'm talking to the wrong crowd.
I'm telling you, Data, I've been gone for over an hour.
I'm telling you, I can't deal with it anymore.
I'm telling you, as one engineer to another, I can do this.
I'm telling you, he is not normal for Worf.
I'm telling you, it's changing.
I'm telling you, you have never seen anything like this.
I'm telling you, you will be terrific.
I'm that glad you approve.
I'm the Captain and I need answers.
I'm the Captain of the ship.
I'm the Chief Engineer, sir.
I'm the First Officer, Commander William Riker, and this is-
I'm the barber.
I'm the best person to analyse these artefacts.
I'm the captain of a Federation starship.
I'm the captain of this ship.
I'm the classroom computer system.
I'm the negotiator, Picard.
I'm the one it finds.
I'm the one who has to escort them around the ship for the next three days.
I'm the one who's going to die.
I'm the one who's sick.
I'm the only one who can.
I'm the only one, Worf, the only one who can prove your innocence.
I'm the reason.
I'm the same old guy I always was.
I'm the science officer.
I'm the ship's Counsellor and I thought you might want to talk.
I'm the ship's Counsellor.
I'm the someone.
I'm thinking, I'm thinking.
I'm thirsty too.
I'm thirsty.
I'm tired myself.
I'm tired of fighting with you, Robert.
I'm tired of planting.
I'm told that your father is also dead.
I'm too comfortable here.
I'm too tired to think about what I want.
I'm training.
I'm truly sorry, Liator, but I must have justice for my people too.
I'm trying again, sir.
I'm trying again.
I'm trying not to be rude, sir, but this is really very inconvenient.
I'm trying to be considerate of your feelings, Doctor.
I'm trying to catch up with all this.
I'm trying to construct a mathematical model of an emerging star system.
I'm trying to decide if you're incredibly stupid or incredibly smart.
I'm trying to figure out what images to bring up.
I'm trying to filter out the interference.
I'm trying to find a picture of her in the records.
I'm trying to move too fast.
I'm trying to remember.
I'm trying to understand why or how that's possible.
I'm trying to understand why.
I'm trying to.
I'm trying, Captain.
I'm trying, but the needed ship will not be available for three weeks.
I'm trying, but there's a lot of interference.
I'm trying, sir!
I'm two hundred years old.
I'm under my own power now.
I'm under no obligation to tell you that.
I'm under orders to acquire some magnesite.
I'm up to my neck in observation schedules right now.
I'm using a dynamic stabiliser to act as a control rod.
I'm very disappointed in you.
I'm very disappointed.
I'm very disturbed by what I've heard here today.
I'm very good with field coils.
I'm very grateful for what you did, in a way.
I'm very happy for you.
I'm very knowledgeable about Valt.
I'm very particular about my doctors.
I'm very pleased to hear that.
I'm very pleased you're going to be improving our system.
I'm very protective of my husband.
I'm very proud of what you've accomplished.
I'm very sorry that you didn't find your mother.
I'm very sorry, Mister Leech, but we have to be going.
I'm very sorry.
I'm volunteering to make that test myself.
I'm waiting.
I'm walking up to him.
I'm walking.
I'm wasting time that could be better spent elsewhere.
I'm way ahead of you.
I'm wearing plenty of your skin protector.
I'm well aware of that fact.
I'm what we call a female.
I'm what you see right now.
I'm willing to bet it's the same at their habitat back on Devidia Two.
I'm willing to bet you haven't.
I'm willing to entertain suggestions.
I'm willing to forget about what happened back there and take you with me.
I'm willing to wager that you trounced your brothers during those debates.
I'm willing, Doctor.
I'm with Starfleet.
I'm with you.
I'm wondering if I'm doing the right thing.
I'm working as fast as I can.
I'm working on a new experiment with bioactive silicon.
I'm working on the report right now.
I'm worried about what's going to happen to him.
I'm worried about you.
I'm your Captain now.
I'm your commanding officer.
I'm, I'm very sorry, sir.
I'm, er, ha, ha, I'm a role model.
I've a feeling somebody's going to be here to receive those storage tanks.
I've a few ideas.
I've a terrible problem down here on Risa.
I've accessed the basic system directories.
I've accessed the command pathways.
I've accessed the optical data network for the engineering core.
I've accessed the programme, Captain.
I've acquired an interest over the years.
I've activated the emergency suppression system.
I've added a Veltan sex idol to my collection.
I've admired you.
I've agreed to this meeting, but I see no point to it.
I've alerted the teacher to expect us.
I've aligned the field coils.
I've almost lost it all.
I've already adjusted our shields accordingly.
I've already assigned them to the away team.
I've already eaten, but thanks, Captain.
I've already given you my advice, Captain.
I've already put Data to work on it.
I've already replanted this bed four times this week.
I've already spoken to Alkar, and he informs me that Lumerian custom forbids it.
I've already spoken to the Hekaran government.
I've already taken the liberty of putting together a few necessities.
I've already talked to Kosinski on subspace, and he can't explain it either.
I've already told you that twice.
I've also ordered a standing Yellow Alert.
I've also ruled out the Vulcans we've tested.
I've always been a servant.
I've always been an android.
I've always been interested in exobotany.
I've always been this way.
I've always had absolute confidence in your judgment.
I've always known the risks that come with a Starfleet uniform.
I've always lived with my Captain.
I've always loved that ditty.
I've always managed to avoid it somehow.
I've always wanted to make love with an alien.
I've always wanted to see terraforming in operation.
I've always wanted to try this.
I've an open wound, right here.
I've analysed the alien plant forms.
I've analysed the sentry's energy patterns.
I've anticipated your needs.
I've asked many sacrifices of you.
I've asked myself that question a lot during the past few days.
I've asked the Counsellor to join us in this meeting.
I've asked you to stay linked to Crosis at all times.
I've assigned Data, La Forge and Mister Crusher to work with Commander Shelby.
I've assigned you quarters during out time here.
I've assumed they've simulated your voice somehow.
I've been a newsie, cut fish at a cannery.
I've been able to determine La Forge's transport coordinates.
I've been able to get by for a long time without seeing him.
I've been all over this world and I've never seen anything like you.
I've been asking myself the same thing.
I've been away far too long.
I've been away too long.
I've been concerned about you.
I've been debating whether or not to initiate another dream sequence.
I've been delivered here against my wishes.
I've been denying the truth.
I've been dishonoured.
I've been doing a little research, trying to find out about William T Riker.
I've been doing it since I was fifteen.
I've been down there dozens of times.
I've been every bit as curious about you as the next man.
I've been examining the dynamics of what used to be called the con game.
I've been expecting you.
I've been experimenting with DNA based generators.
I've been feeling it as well.
I've been hearing some good things about you.
I've been hearing things.
I've been here twelve days, possibly more.
I've been in Starfleet for a long time.
I've been in constant contact with Starfleet Command.
I've been in contact with it, sensing impressions from it.
I've been in this dungeon of yours, alone, helpless, bored to tears.
I've been in this room before.
I've been in touch with Admiral Hahn at Starfleet Academy.
I've been in trouble since I was a teenager.
I've been investigating what happened at Khitomer.
I've been invited to the annual Starfleet Admiral's banquet.
I've been keeping track of you.
I've been known to tell a joke or two.
I've been living as a human for over fifty years but I couldn't hide from her.
I've been locked in here for days.
I've been looking for you.
I've been looking forward gagh.
I've been looking forward to meeting you, Dara.
I've been looking forward to speaking with you.
I've been meaning to speak to you.
I've been meaning to talk to you about something, Mister Worf.
I've been meaning to visit the mall myself.
I've been monitoring.
I've been most anxious to hear the Chief Engineer's opinion, Mister Argyle.
I've been offered my own command.
I've been on edge all day.
I've been on my own since I was fifteen.
I've been patient, Kamin.
I've been planning to run diagnostics on the graviton invertor circuits.
I've been playing politics too long.
I've been playing the piano a lot.
I've been practicing but I still can't get a good tone.
I've been preparing.
I've been rationing his portions of energy.
I've been really looking forward to a nice swim.
I've been recalled by the Chrysalians.
I've been saving this for a special occasion.
I've been sick.
I've been studying the autopsy reports.
I've been studying the comm.
I've been studying the information you sent.
I've been studying the nanites we have in the Sickbay genetic supplies.
I've been studying the preliminary reports of the test.
I've been studying this ritual of yours.
I've been thinking a long time about what our celebration will be like.
I've been thinking about my conversation with Q.
I've been thinking about the first time I met Geordi La Forge.
I've been thinking about what happened to me in the nacelle tube.
I've been thinking about who to promote to Ops.
I've been thinking maybe Doctor Marr is right.
I've been thinking.
I've been tired since this afternoon.
I've been told I behaved badly.
I've been trading this for passage on Starfleet vessels.
I've been trying to, Captain.
I've been tutoring him.
I've been under a lot of pressure lately.
I've been up all night watching her personal logs.
I've been waiting a long time for this moment, Wesley.
I've been waiting years for this.
I've been waiting.
I've been wondering, who's singing the Horath in my place.
I've been working on my final project for Advanced Genetics.
I've been working on our assignment, trying a few computer simulations.
I've been working with Ensign Brooks since the death of her husband.
I've been working with one of the officers on the Enterprise-C.
I've believed that all along.
I've brought down bigger men than you, Picard!
I've brought medicines and supplies.
I've brought some Acamarian brandy.
I've brought you the forms I need you to complete.
I've called for a level two security alert.
I've called this meeting to replace misinformation with cold, hard fact.
I've came to see my boy.
I've carried your messages back and forth for almost six months.
I've changed my mind.
I've charted new worlds, I've met dozens of new species.
I've checked and cross-checked.
I've checked buildings four and five.
I've checked every sensor display backwards and forwards.
I've checked everything I can think of.
I've checked her medical records.
I've checked impulse engines and warp drives, sir.
I've checked the records.
I've checked the water, food replicators, airborne samples.
I've checked twice to make certain.
I've checked with my sources at Starfleet.
I've come a long way to see you.
I've come back, Geordi.
I've come here to prevail upon your intelligence and your insight.
I've come to apologise for my harsh words.
I've come to ask you to reconsider your position.
I've come to help you.
I've come to seek your agreement to an Ornaran request.
I've conducted a full sensor sweep out to one light year from the Pasteur.
I've considered the alternatives.
I've counted fourteen so far.
I've created a propulsion design model to assist me.
I've decided I'm going for a walk.
I've decided it's in my best interest to help you get your crewmen back.
I've decided not to pursue that commission at this time.
I've decided to stay on Caldos and become a healer like my grandmother.
I've decided to surrender myself.
I've delivered dozens of babies, but none like this.
I've disconnected the visual and audio pickups.
I've discovered something interesting, Will.
I've discussed this with Geordi and we agreed.
I've disturbed you.
I've diverted the reserve power to the family decks.
I've done all I can, sir.
I've done dozens of holosimulations.
I've done everything I can.
I've done everything I could think of.
I've done everything I know how.
I've done exactly as I promised.
I've done extensive studies of your positronic network.
I've done it before.
I've done it dozens of times.
I've done it twice, in situations somewhat similar to yours.
I've done nothing but nag all day.
I've done nothing with your ship.
I've done well for them over the years.
I've done what you refused to do.
I've enabled their command pathways.
I've encountered a Romulan Warbird.
I've examined Barclay's psychological profile.
I've failed to get through to you, haven't I?
I've failed.
I've felt better.
I've finally become the person I've always wanted to be.
I've finally established audio contact with the Romulan ship.
I've finished the microcellular scan I was running.
I've finished the neurographic scan.
I've followed your progress for years.
I've found a way to get into the Presidio and into the mine shaft.
I've found it easy to talk to you, Commander.
I've found it, Captain.
I've found out that Jason has a criminal record.
I've found someone.
I've found something, sir.
I've found something.
I've found that peace, or the appearance of it, is often a prelude to war.
I've found the right amplitude.
I've found them, sir.
I've found them.
I've found today exhilarating.
I've found your people intriguing and stimulating as she has.
I've fused the bone tissue along both fractures.
I've given him a mild sedative and Troi's been speaking with him.
I've given this a lot of thought.
I've given you a local anaesthetic.
I've given you my word.
I've given you that power.
I've gone over it four times.
I've gone through the whole system, Captain.
I've got a Sickbay filled with headaches.
I've got a clear path to panel J14 baker.
I've got a good excuse for you.
I've got a piece of him, Commander, but that's all.
I've got a problem here.
I've got a signal lock on Jason.
I've got a transporter simulation on the bridge.
I've got a way out of here.
I've got an idea.
I've got another mystery for you.
I've got better places to be.
I've got duty in half an hour.
I've got four of them.
I've got her on full support.
I've got him working on something.
I've got him.
I've got his legs.
I've got it, Captain.
I've got it.
I've got just the thing.
I've got more books to write, and your Captain has a job to do here.
I've got my mind on something.
I've got one man unconscious.
I've got one of my own.
I've got one of the medical wonders of the galaxy dying in my sickbay.
I've got power fluctuations all across the board.
I've got some good news for you.
I've got some good news, and some bad news.
I've got some information on its first transmission, sir.
I've got some intermittent sensor readings here.
I've got some things to take care of.
I've got something I want to show you.
I've got something, sir.
I've got the inoculants.
I've got the long range sensors on maximum, sir.
I've got the phasers, Captain.
I've got their initial transporter signal.
I've got them, Captain.
I've got them.
I've got thirty percent power.
I've got this one!
I've got three access lines to the central core.
I've got three people in there.
I've got to admit, Wes, I'm a bit surprised.
I've got to assign planets, set a schedule.
I've got to do something.
I've got to do this.
I've got to find something to help us.
I've got to find the answer.
I've got to get back before Commander La Forge suspects something.
I've got to get back to the Starbase.
I've got to get back.
I've got to get down there.
I've got to get going.
I've got to get some sleep so I can be sharp tomorrow.
I've got to get that isolation door down!
I've got to make a ruling, to try to speak to the future.
I've got to protect our work.
I've got to quarantine you.
I've got to study this mission briefing.
I've got to tell you Geordi is not at all optimistic.
I've got work to do.
I've got your team searching section gamma two four.
I've gotten out of them before.
I've grown so accustomed to it, I forget it's there.
I've guided his training, sir, I'm the one at fault.
I've had a change of profession.
I've had a great time being with you, Wesley.
I've had a lot of experience with this sort of system failures.
I've had a team in Sickbay for two hours.
I've had dealings with some of his family.
I've had enough of being led about this way.
I've had enough of this.
I've had enough surprises for one day.
I've had enough.
I've had it a couple of times before.
I've had it with him.
I've had it.
I've had people out trying to find you everywhere.
I've had similar feelings.
I've had some unpleasant surprises.
I've had some very good results.
I've had the same difficulty most of my life.
I've had the strangest notion to go see Alaska.
I've had thirty-five emergency calls scattered across twelve decks.
I've had this feeling for hours.
I've had three security teams search deck seven.
I've had to bite my tongue to keep from snapping at people.
I've had to send people on far more dangerous missions.
I've had to shut down the warp engines, Captain.
I've handled this poorly.
I've heard a lot about the Maquis.
I've heard a lot of people talking down in Ten Forward.
I've heard about your race.
I've heard better.
I've heard more than enough.
I've heard of problems.
I've heard rumours about them for years.
I've heard something about Ghorusda.
I've heard that before.
I've heard that.
I've heard you silver-tongued devils before.
I've heard.
I've helped him to break free, just as I've helped them.
I've illuminated the delta four grid map.
I've increased the accuracy of the identification process by a factor of ten.
I've initialised the transporter signal.
I've invited him to the Enterprise.
I've isolated the frequency spread and penetrated the field.
I've isolated the program's input pathways.
I've isolated the twelve students who were on the Quazulu Eight field trip.
I've just been paid a visit from Q.
I've just been thinking.
I've just come from Sickbay.
I've just come from a meeting with Admiral Moore.
I've just completed my final adjustments.
I've just detected a large chroniton field on deck seventeen.
I've just finished my damage assessment.
I've just got one more thing to do.
I've just gotten used to it.
I've just had a disturbing encounter with Alkar's mother.
I've just had a splendid idea.
I've just never seen you before.
I've just received new orders from Starfleet.
I've just received word.
I've just shown you one of my dreams, now let's go and share in one of yours.
I've just started running some tests.
I've kept something hot for you.
I've kept up on it in the journals.
I've killed no one.
I've killed twenty three men, Sheriff.
I've known I was different all my life.
I've known I've needed to do this for a long time.
I've known him for fifteen years.
I've known moons through the universe.
I've laid in the reciprocal course back, Captain.
I've learned about them.
I've learned my lesson, Q.
I've learned to give her a wide latitude when I want to get things done.
I've learned to remind myself that my mother and I are two separate individuals.
I've learned to trust it.
I've learned to trust them.
I've learned you are a soldier.
I've let down everyone.
I've listed my report on their customs and laws, sir.
I've listened, I've tried to understand, and I have waited.
I've loaded the neurological behaviour programme.
I've located it sir.
I've located the shuttle.
I've locked onto Doctor Clark.
I've locked this tricorder into a continuous cycle.
I've lost almost all feeling in my legs.
I've lost control of the containment chamber.
I've lost count.
I've lost helm control.
I've lost him!
I've lost it.
I've lost navigation.
I've lost people on missions before.
I've lost people under my command.
I've lost power!
I've lost something.
I've lost the lock on them.
I've lost the signal, sir.
I've lost them.
I've lost three plasma relays on the disruptors.
I've lost track of all time.
I've lost transporter lock.
I've lost you.
I've made a communicator.
I've made some perfectly marvellous Mantickian pate.
I've made up my mind.
I've managed to access all of Lieutenant Uhnari's logs.
I've managed to stop the bleeding.
I've met someone.
I've modified this tricorder to interface with the subspace generator.
I've never been dead before.
I've never been embarrassed by this, Hannah.
I've never been to Paloris Colony.
I've never been to a better funeral.
I've never been very good at conversation.
I've never been very good at organising my time off.
I've never been.
I've never before seen the Lieutenant so unsettled.
I've never eaten before.
I've never encountered anything like it before.
I've never encountered anything like this before.
I've never even heard of the Moropa.
I've never explained my orders before.
I've never felt anything like it.
I've never felt better, except once or twice.
I've never given it a second thought.
I've never had such strong feelings toward anyone.
I've never harmed Jono.
I've never heard a name like that.
I've never heard it referred to so dramatically before.
I've never heard of Paul Manheim.
I've never heard of anyone that didn't love a good mystery.
I've never heard of that.
I've never heard the word Tkon before.
I've never heard you play with such feeling.
I've never hit my son in his life.
I've never known a man so able to keep his true feelings completely hidden.
I've never known the Captain not to listen to one of his officers.
I've never known you to bluff.
I've never liked titles since I was a lowly Uhlan in the Romulan guard.
I've never made a cup before.
I've never met a more dedicated physician.
I've never met anyone like Andrew.
I've never questioned that conviction, until now.
I've never read that.
I've never really thought about what it's like.
I've never run into a humanoid species like this before.
I've never saw a man fight so hard in all my life.
I've never saw one before.
I've never seen a rainbow, sunset, sunrise.
I've never seen a transporter jury-rigged like this.
I've never seen anyone eat ten chocolate sundaes.
I've never seen anything like her.
I've never seen anything like it before.
I've never seen anything like it in my life.
I've never seen anything like this.
I've never seen him act like this.
I've never seen him like this.
I've never seen it before.
I've never seen one before.
I've never seen so many unnecessary redundancies in one body.
I've never seen the balls roll that well for anyone.
I've never seen the woman before, or the man who was with her.
I've never seen you behave so foolishly.
I've never settled for anything in my life.
I've never surveyed a site so soon after an attack.
I've never tried it.
I've no intention of explaining to anyone.
I've no intention of performing for your amusement.
I've noted that some people use humour as a shield.
I've noticed qualities in you that could be harnessed, moulded.
I've noticed some resistance.
I've noticed you tend to have longer hair, and you arrange it more elaborately.
I've offended you.
I've often wondered what kind of father I'd be.
I've only been there once, but they've got this great club.
I've only had a chance to glance at them.
I've people in trouble over there, Q.
I've personally spoken with members from four provinces.
I've picked up a little bit of it.
I've picked up some residue on the probe's shell.
I've placed Odan in stasis.
I've placed him in stasis.
I've planned this for a long time, ever since I learned I had Iverson's Disease.
I've played a lot of dom-jot in a lot of places.
I've practised in the mirror too long to be fooled by that face.
I've practised my best Academy courtesy, now it's time for you to go.
I've prepared quarters for you on deck five.
I've preserved the scent.
I've programmed seven other blends into the replicator.
I've put the auto-shutdown sequence on hold until we get back on schedule.
I've read all this before, you know.
I've read everything I could about them.
I've read of some of the preliminary work you've done.
I've read stories about soldiers in the battlefield, wounded, dying.
I've read your reports, Jean-Luc.
I've read your reports.
I've regained attitude control for the ship, but main power is still offline.
I've regained control of navigation, propulsion, weapons and communications.
I've relieved Captain Kargan.
I've requested he be brought here at once.
I've requested two additional field diverters.
I've rerouted to the secondary generators.
I've researched Earth customs.
I've researched the old Avidyne engines.
I've resigned my commission, so unless you plan on kidnapping me?
I've returned you to the present.
I've reviewed your personnel.
I've ruled out a reactor core failure and there's no sign of a systems overload.
I've run a level one diagnostic.
I've run every test I know.
I've run safety and operational inspections, Captain.
I've run the simulations, Captain.
I've said all I can.
I've saved them.
I've scanned three different star systems within sensor range.
I've scheduled a stress simulation routine for this afternoon to check it out.
I've seen another one, like Palmer.
I've seen him.
I've seen how powerful he is.
I've seen it before.
I've seen the thorn.
I've seen the two of you together.
I've seen them use this kind of strategy before.
I've seen them used on Manu Three.
I've seen these things all over the ship.
I've seen this symbol everywhere too, but much less prominently displayed.
I've seen you before.
I've seen you laugh.
I've sensed remarkable depths in him.
I've sent a communication to the others.
I've sent out twelve teams so far.
I've served with the two finest Captains in Starfleet.
I've set a ten second delay.
I've set the velocity at warp nine.
I've set up a meeting.
I've set up a temporary tachyon matrix in the main deflector.
I've shown us steadily moving away from that beacon.
I've shown you courtesy, and respect, and a hell of a lot of patience.
I've shut down most of the consoles to save power.
I've slain all the ones who mattered.
I've smelled better viinerine on prison ships.
I've smuggled each of you into the other's homeland.
I've spent most of my life around humans, fought beside them.
I've spent the better part of my life fighting the Cardassians.
I've spent the last six years of my life on this project.
I've spent two hours having a cozy chat with the computer.
I've spent years studying solar plasma reactions.
I've spoken to Fleet Admiral Shanthi.
I've spoken with the other parents.
I've stabilised his condition.
I've still got a long way to go.
I've still got twenty four hours.
I've stopped the bleeding.
I've studied about some of them, but to see them, that would be wonderful.
I've studied all the technical manuals on the holodecks, sir.
I've studied your data, Doctor Reyga.
I've switched to manual control of the air handling system.
I've synthesised the inhibitor.
I've taken the music from her mind.
I've talked to him.
I've talked with Mister Homn, who's known her for years.
I've talked with him.
I've tapped the impulse engines for additional power to shields.
I've temporarily lost my empathic sense.
I've tested all the medical staff and I've found them on almost everyone so far.
I've thought about it for a long time.
I've thought and thought about it.
I've to tell you I envy you.
I've told Pardek.
I've told you all that I know.
I've told you everything I know.
I've told you, Finn, the Federation is not allied with Rutians.
I've travelled back nearly three hundred years just to find you.
I've treated you with respect.
I've tried everything I know.
I've tried it all, okay?
I've tried it, thanks.
I've tried several times to talk to her, but she's been avoiding me.
I've tried standard revival techniques.
I've tried to be patient, I've tried to be polite.
I've tried to get along with you.
I've tried to make it sound Vulcan.
I've tried to put some purpose to it, but I can't.
I've tried to understand you.
I've tried.
I've waited for so long.
I've watched the construction.
I've watched you handle the weapon systems before.
I've worked hard here.
I've worked hard to make a life for myself on the Enterprise.
I've worked hard.
I've worked out the new rotation schedules.
I've?
I, I do not have the time.
I, I don't understand.
I, I feel like a new man.
I, I guess.
I, I was going to.
I, I'm going to check for a surge in the transfer coils.
I, a Starfleet Captain, trained to command.
I, er, I assumed because of the way you welcomed me the other day.
I, er, I don't know where to begin.
I, er, I hope we can be friends?
I, er, I just thought that I might, erm, I might join you this evening.
I, er, I know him.
I, er, cannot explain this, Captain.
I, er, found it in the replicator files.
I, er.
I, for one, am grateful he is under lock and key.
I, for one, never had a doubt.
I, however, am not sure.
I, too, would never say goodbye, Imzadi.
IA little too good to me in some places.
Ian Andrew, after my father.
Ian said he's the reason the ship is in danger.
Ian, could you tell us why you are here?
Ian, no.
Ian, say hello to Captain Picard.
Ian, she's teething, Now where's her ring?
Ian.
Ian?
Ice man?
Iced coffee?
Iconia?
Identical to the ones on the space vessel lifeform over there.
Identify them!
Identify them.
Identify yourself and return to the ship immediately.
Identify yourselves and state your business in this star system.
Identify yourselves.
Identifying marks, Mister Worf?
Idiots.
If Amanda cannot prove that she is fully Q, then he must kill her.
If Baran felt it were wise to let the crew know that, I'm sure he would have.
If Bok tries to beam him away, we might be able to hold him here.
If Captain Picard were here
If Captain Picard wishes to see me, he may do so.
If Clemens got back, the Captain should have been here by now.
If Commander La Forge has located a second survivor.
If Danar sees they're operating, he may try to use them.
If Darson had listened to me, no one would have died.
If Data were here, we could ask him.
If Data's right, it would have an ample supply of food.
If Endar respects Talarian custom, he may have to.
If I am chosen, I will perform my duties without bias or sentiment.
If I am not mistaken.
If I am right, sir, they are, and in this room.
If I am, it won't matter one way or the other.
If I can continue my analysis of the mission records, I might find an answer.
If I can figure out how to manipulate the frequency, maybe I can control it.
If I can get there, we might be able to set up a crossfire.
If I can have a few hours.
If I can help a person back to a state of joy, well, my role has its rewards.
If I can locate the transformation programme, I might be able to control it.
If I can re-establish computer interface with the science ministry.
If I can reach him first, then perhaps diplomacy can prevail.
If I can save Captain Picard, I consider that very acceptable.
If I can set up a low level comm.
If I can tune the sensors to a particular band of.
If I can't stabilise them, I'll have to dump the reactor core or she'll blow!
If I cannot trust the bridge crew, whom can I?
If I come back now, my mother and her entire crew will die.
If I could describe to you what a thrill it is to be here.
If I could do further examinations tomorrow.
If I could explain it, I would.
If I could just get access to the Enterprise computer just for a few moments.
If I could just hear a replay of the subspace scans.
If I could see, I'd be seeing stars.
If I could've killed that thing inside me, I would have.
If I didn't believe in their loyalty, I wouldn't have gone this far.
If I didn't know better, I would have thought you were already married.
If I didn't know better, I'd say he was intoxicated.
If I didn't know better, I'd say they both had Iresine syndrome.
If I didn't know better, I'd say you were jealous.
If I didn't know better, I'd think he was scared.
If I didn't know you better, I'd say that you were procrastinating.
If I die, he must be cared for.
If I died, well, I was half a man, so what did it matter.
If I do not reach our new home, I would like her to become your wife.
If I do there's going to be questions and explanations for centuries.
If I don't find him, I'm going to have to move on.
If I don't freeze to death first.
If I don't leave the ship, then the Enterprise will be destroyed.
If I don't, I'll adapt.
If I ever had to replace it.
If I fail in my challenge, I will be executed.
If I find myself on an away team with Ensign Ro, I won't turn my back on her.
If I get better, I get better.
If I get your approval today, ten months, maybe less.
If I give myself over to him, he'll let the hostages go.
If I go with you and hold your hand, will you go into your room?
If I go, I go for good.
If I had complete diplomatic access and a starship, it'd be a matter of weeks.
If I had gone with him.
If I had irrefutable evidence?
If I had known sooner, I would have appeared as a female.
If I had not acted in their behalf, they would have been destroyed.
If I have lost my memory, how do I get it back?
If I have offended.
If I have to.
If I help you escape, will you take me with you?
If I input this one, it should initiate the transformation process.
If I knew what I was looking for.
If I knew what the point of this mission were, why I was analysing these relics.
If I leave town, the town leaves with me.
If I leave, it may be distracted long enough for the Enterprise to escape.
If I led you to believe?
If I led you up the garden path, I humbly ask your forgiveness.
If I let them live the whole mission would be in jeopardy.
If I live through this, I'll have a much better understanding of geriatrics.
If I may be equally candid?
If I may inquire, sir, how long have you been Captain of the Enterprise?
If I may suggest, sir, no apology.
If I may, Captain.
If I may, Captain?
If I may, sir.
If I may?
If I modulate that with a comm.
If I open that entrance and it's still out there, we're dead.
If I pick a minor subsystem, something non-essential.
If I recall the profile, you are the ship's counsellor?
If I recall, you had a gesture of goodwill you wished to give to me?
If I reject Toral's claim, you will accuse me of serving Federation interests.
If I return you to your ship, will you agree to give my request a full hearing?
If I save this boy, I break that law.
If I should ever doubt that again, I know where to come.
If I should need you further, I'll let you know.
If I start digging around again.
If I start emitting the graviton beam now, it may serve as a lure.
If I stayed here, you might have to.
If I tell you what I know, you must promise not to give me to the Klingons.
If I tell you, will you give it to me?
If I try it, it will be at a time of my own choosing.
If I wanted to I couldn't build another one.
If I was, I wouldn't have this problem.
If I were alone, the chances of my succeeding would be slim.
If I were empathic like you, I'd have a real advantage.
If I were to be damaged or destroyed, I would be lost forever.
If I were to tell them any of this, I would violate that Prime Directive.
If I were you, I'd kick him in the rear end for his own good.
If I were, I'm sure you'll be the first to know.
If I were, would you give it?
If I'd asked, you would have said no.
If I'd been more like you, we wouldn't have had so many problems.
If I'd only gone back to the ship.
If I'd told you it was Benzan you would have gone to war with his father.
If I'm away from it for too long, I begin to weaken.
If I'm correct, that is sufficient to immobilise even you.
If I'm going to make a pie, we'll have to find a substitute for blueberries.
If I'm lucky.
If I'm not mistaken, he's describing a paradox.
If I'm not mistaken, she just did.
If I'm not satisfied with those answers, you will die.
If I'm not your son, is this person still going to want to kill me?
If I'm really dead, then my only regret is dying and finding you here.
If I'm right, the same thing'll happen tonight.
If I'm right, then you are responsible for this whole situation.
If I'm right, you're not really here.
If I'm right.
If I'm to change that plan, I'll need a very good reason.
If I'm to die in one, I'd like my death to count for something.
If Josh had a weakness, it was mathematics.
If Kaelon Two ceases to exist, so do we.
If La Forge and Ro can attempt a rescue in short order, then let them proceed.
If Lieutenant Worf resists, sir?
If Q is anything, he's imaginative.
If Reyga didn't kill himself.
If Rishon were in danger, would you kill to save her life?
If Rita calls, you let me know.
If a human and a J'naii would be sexually compatible.
If a living organism ingested the nitrium.
If a new strain has developed, that might explain the normal histamine count.
If a patrol stops me, I will claim to have stolen it.
If a way appears to me, I will.
If all goes well, a terminal one.
If all goes well, it shouldn't take more than twenty bore sites.
If all goes well, you shouldn't notice a thing.
If an apology will do, then I offer it.
If an oppressive government is enslaving millions?
If any of you should be sent there, dear Tasha must give the box up to you.
If any one of you defies the Tal Shiar, you will not bear the punishment alone.
If any one scanner fails, the other three take over.
If anyone can hear me, please send a doctor.
If anyone can improvise, it's Geordi.
If anyone could understand that, I knew it would be Captain Picard.
If anyone in Starfleet can help us, it's you.
If anyone needs me, I'll be in my Ready Room.
If anyone took this you can believe it was him.
If anything changes, you let me know.
If anything goes wrong I'll break the connection.
If anything goes wrong, Maques can break the telepathic link.
If anything should go wrong, please, take care of her for me.
If anything's going to jog my memory.
If anything, even worse than we'd heard.
If breaking their spirit will amuse me, then that's what I will have.
If even a handful leave, the damage to this society will be devastating.
If fewer things had disappeared, we might never have suspected you.
If for any reason you would like to wait a few minutes.
If force is necessary, we will use it, but that will mean we have failed.
If generations of conflict is killing millions, do we interfere?
If he breaks his word and tries to escape, kill him.
If he can't make a full recovery, Worf will to kill himself.
If he can, I might be able to find out what happened to her.
If he did have one it must have been taken by the Yridians when they attacked.
If he did, why would he have come on board?
If he didn't know he could count on you, he never would have asked.
If he died wondering why I didn't come to him.
If he dies, Lore will blame you.
If he doesn't get water.
If he doesn't pay up, I know three large Ferengi who will not be so forgiving.
If he doesn't, then any efforts on our part can only push him further away.
If he fell somewhere, if his communicator were damaged.
If he felt it necessary to violate regulations, he must have had a good reason.
If he gives us any trouble, we can access the force field through that console.
If he goes into that operation, he could come out a corpse.
If he had been returned to me with the others, this would never have happened.
If he had died, it would be easier.
If he had, he wouldn't have left the ship.
If he had, would he have left the Bridge to you?
If he has been in any way mistreated.
If he has nothing to give us, we should kill him now and be done with it.
If he has the ability to beam aboard, he may be able to beam someone away.
If he has, his energy has moved into the transporter relays by now.
If he is the leader, should he not be leading?
If he is to find his humanity then you are the only one who can help him.
If he isn't tougher than he looks, those miners will tear him apart.
If he made any personal logs, it might be helpful to look through them.
If he moves, kill him.
If he really is an imposter then you have nothing to worry about.
If he rigged it, could you prove it?
If he says there is no Federation assistance to the rebels, there is none.
If he says to die, they die.
If he says to fight, they fight.
If he says to run, they run.
If he says we'll be safe, you must trust that we will be safe.
If he stays at that speed, he'll self-destruct.
If he stays here, he will never be a warrior.
If he wants it done correctly, he can wait.
If he was mortal, he'd be dead.
If he was only doing his job, then I'm sure you won't mind if we spoke with him.
If he were caught in it, yes, sir, it would seem to us like he'd disappeared.
If he wishes to call Lal his child, then who are we to argue?
If he would give himself over, the pain would diminish.
If he'd have seen you in those threads he'd have you sent to the funny farm.
If he'd told me I would have withdrawn.
If he's been influenced by an alien, wouldn't that put us all at risk?
If he's dangerous.
If he's lying, I haven't been able to sense it.
If he's not careful, he's going to wash out next term.
If he's regained his rank, I want to know why.
If he's the legitimate leader of the Empire, shouldn't we help him?
If her calculations are off, that eruption could encompass us.
If huts are better, why did you once live in caves?
If it alarms you, I can ask them to leave.
If it also deposits antiprotons in space as it travels, can we detect them?
If it be possible, I would like torches here and here.
If it becomes necessary, Ensign, you will blow the cargo bay hatch on my orders.
If it can teach Ro Laren humility, it can do anything.
If it continues like that, their entire ecosystem will be shot to hell.
If it continues to increase at the current rate, six, maybe seven hours.
If it could be undone, wouldn't they undo it?
If it doesn't work, we'll have handed them the Pegasus.
If it doesn't work, we'll still have time to shut down the fountain.
If it goes untreated, it could result in paralysis, even death.
If it hadn't been for the perimeter teams, none of us would have made it.
If it has anything to do with your father, you must learn all you can about it.
If it is a Romulan vessel, it could be cloaked.
If it is harming you, we must return.
If it is the Romulans.
If it is the spirit of Captain Shumar.
If it is too much to ask.
If it is you, show me the scar.
If it is, the damage to Federation security would be immeasurable.
If it looks like Cardassians, I'll contact you immediately.
If it makes you feel any better, you're not alone.
If it served your purpose, yes.
If it was a vision, I do not know how to proceed.
If it was new and foolish, he would have popped for it.
If it was so innocent, why do you hesitate to give us the names?
If it was the probe, that explains the Yamato.
If it wasn't for me, you'd still be back there sitting in the sun, relaxing.
If it were a Klingon ship, I would have killed you for offering your suggestion.
If it were a box on wheels I would not be facing this opposition.
If it were possible, what would you say?
If it weren't for you she'd be married by now.
If it weren't for you, my life would be a very different one right now.
If it will hold off the Picard's anger, yes.
If it works on you, I can use it on anyone.
If it works, the Bridge'll be able to monitor us.
If it works, the Romulans won't find anything and we can return later.
If it works, the core would remain molten for centuries.
If it works, they will be surprised.
If it wouldn't be an imposition.
If it's a boy, Michael, after my father.
If it's all right with you.
If it's any comfort, we're all in the same situation, so stay put for now.
If it's anything like babysitting, I'm an authority.
If it's artificial, then we're talking about sabotage.
If it's changed intensity, it can't possibly be a protostar.
If it's energy that you want, we have other ways of providing it.
If it's in there it should show up on one of the polarity channels.
If it's not a disease, what else could have made them do that?
If it's short enough, it shouldn't overload the emitters.
If it's successful, you would be fit to stand trial.
If it's the best we can do, we have to try it.
If it's the door lock, the combination's too complex to hit at random.
If it's too rich, Geordi, fold.
If it's true.
If its time has come, let it die.
If mistakes are made, the damage that's done might be irreparable.
If music is what he wants, why should I stand in his way?
If my Commander tells me to discuss the Transporter with you, I will.
If my crew say there was no sabotage, then you can be sure there was none.
If my experience is any indication, he will need all the help he can get.
If my father were alive, it would his sons and their sons for three generations.
If my magnificence blinds you, then perhaps something more familiar.
If my will is strong enough, perhaps I can exist outside this room.
If necessary, I will go to Starfleet Command.
If necessary, I will surrender to them.
If not battle stations, may we at least take the ship to Yellow Alert?
If not me, someone else.
If not, I'll see you back at the Starbase.
If not, we'll deal with it as best we can.
If not, we'll evacuate the survivors and destroy the ship.
If not, we'll kill him on the surface.
If not.
If one of them blew it might have left debris like that.
If one of you wins, I become a brunette.
If only I could remember.
If only every life form had as much desire to please.
If only half of us live, then I'd rather take my chances on being one that does.
If only it were possible.
If only one of his thrusters was out, he could still have set down somewhere.
If only to see this matter-energy transportation you speak of.
If only we'd gotten here a little sooner.
If only you could feel rage over Varria's death.
If only you could feel the need for revenge, then maybe you could fire.
If others join her?
If our intent were aggression, you would not be here now.
If our places were reversed, I would expect to die.
If our positions were reversed, what would you tell me?
If our remains are in that cavern, they would have turned to dust long ago.
If our scans and observations confirm the report, of course I'll approve it.
If possible, I'd like Commander Data to work with me.
If she comes, you will take my place?
If she finds out anything, I'll let you know.
If she finds out, you can't imagine her rage.
If she had, I would have been part of your life.
If she knew she were an android, we would have something to share.
If she resists, shoot her.
If she wants to leave, she has every right to.
If she wants to make things difficult on herself, that's her business.
If she were mistreated, I would be very displeased, sir.
If she were not dead, I would kill her.
If she'd just given it to them, they probably wouldn't have hurt her.
If she'll talk to me, what should I say?
If she's right, we may not even be in an alternate time line.
If she's truly Q, then she must return to the Continuum where she belongs.
If so, I apologise.
If so, it could be very difficult to locate.
If so, it has escaped me.
If so, the question becomes how will they use that knowledge?
If so, then I am alone in the universe.
If so, there may be a home planet for others of my kind.
If so, we may have to call Security.
If so, you've not provided the best.
If somebody gets stabbed, you don't necessarily pull the knife out right away.
If somehow they were to lose more viroxic sequences.
If someone were to challenge him, the rest of the crew would follow.
If something did happen, it didn't leave any biological traces.
If something goes wrong, he'll die.
If something goes wrong, they're designed to hold the turbolift in place.
If something goes wrong, you won't have time to worry about it.
If something happened to you I don't know what I'd do.
If something isn't done to stop it immediately, we will lose our Data forever.
If something isn't done, our planet will become uninhabitable.
If suddenly you could make anything happen, what would it be?
If that coupling overheats, the field strength could drop a lot faster.
If that is Uhnari, where's Rocha?
If that is a Romulan ship, they will read our intent.
If that is all.
If that is so, what does the ship want?
If that is the case, then I need to know it.
If that is true, he must be trying to reach her now.
If that is what you believe, then go back to Cardassia.
If that is your judgement, so be it.
If that is your wish, we will respect it.
If that means anything to you.
If that means every experience, every day of their life?
If that reactor goes.
If that reading is right, there is no seal.
If that should happen during a crisis, I want you to take command immediately.
If that was all it was, I should mourn him and go on.
If that wasn't enough, it's just too bad.
If that were true, what could three indicate?
If that's changed, then they must have a new objective.
If that's possible, of course.
If that's really where you want to go.
If that's so, why do you look like you've just signed my death sentence?
If that's the best they can do, this should last about five minutes.
If that's the case, they'll all be prone to severe hypoxia.
If that's the good news, what's the bad news?
If that's true, if something's eating away at the nitrium on the ship.
If that's true, maybe you all look alike.
If that's true, then help me.
If that's true, then how could he leave me like this?
If that's what you need to do, Data, then do it.
If that's your call, I'll support it.
If the Captain authorises it, of course I will.
If the Enterprise medical facility can do anything to help.
If the Ferengi cannot have the wormhole, no one will.
If the Romulans altered them, they didn't leave any fingerprints.
If the Romulans have returned to this sector we should know about that.
If the Romulans wish the honour of the first contact, let them have it.
If the Taguans were to catch you down there.
If the aliens left that sort of signature, they'll be detectable.
If the antimatter is released, the ship will be destroyed.
If the baby is nursing, perhaps what we need is to find a way to sour the milk.
If the captain stays here, we won't make it.
If the cause is just and honourable, they are prepared to give their lives.
If the children remain, they will be affected as well.
If the commander is worthy of their trust.
If the entity decides to attack again, the Captain may be facing it alone.
If the foetus is aborted, laboratory analysis is still possible.
If the image of a bird is related to my vision, I do not understand how.
If the news were encouraging, I assume you would not be here.
If the opponent was not an enemy, who was it?
If the other grown-ups don't understand, how come you do?
If the plasma exploded that would explain a few things.
If the point hasn't been made clearly, Commander, let me make it again.
If the premise is sound, so is the proposal.
If the servo-links were damaged we may not be able to.
If the ship is in any danger, I want you to sever the connection immediately.
If the situation were different, I'd stay.
If the situation were reversed would you not die to avoid capture?
If the stakes were high enough.
If the timing is precise, it's possible to beam through and onto the planet.
If the warp engines fail to function, the result could be unfortunate.
If the weather pattern doesn't change, rationing will not be enough.
If their intention isn't hostile, what is it?
If there anything we can do to help?
If there are any offered, your ambassador and his people will die.
If there are no medical objections?
If there are no more questions, you're all dismissed.
If there is a conspiracy on board, I promise you I will find it.
If there is a cosmic plan, are we not a part of it?
If there is a psychology to these creatures, we must discover it.
If there is an explanation for their behaviour, we must know what it is.
If there is any way of finding out whatever is out there, Data.
If there is anything worth my response, you can be sure I will not be silent.
If there is nothing to lose, no sacrifice, then there is nothing to gain.
If there is one thing that I've learned from you, it's that you don't quit.
If there is something else, any further courtesy?
If there was a break in the Bridge, that'd be the safest place to go.
If there were a way, I would take you away with me.
If there were only time, Lore.
If there were, I wouldn't do it.
If there's a personality conflict, you're in charge, you settle it.
If there's a possibility of getting more from him, I'd like you to pursue it.
If there's a way to escape, I'll find it, eventually.
If there's an anomaly, you could go right past it, okay?
If there's an apple?
If there's any change, you'll be the first to know.
If there's any way to shore up our defences, Hannah will find it.
If there's anything else I need, I know where to find you.
If there's anything there, he'll find it.
If there's anything you need.
If there's no mystery, there's no game.
If there's nothing else, we'll be on our way.
If there's nothing further, you're dismissed.
If there's room.
If there's something wrong, I want you to tell me.
If they are interested in bidding, I have no objection.
If they are so important, why don't they need an executive key?
If they are successful, we can then proceed with a rescue attempt.
If they can't, I will provide you with another opportunity.
If they choose to go, I would be willing to release the transporter lock out.
If they chose to be hostile, I do not think we would be standing here now.
If they come back they're going to discover the interphase generator.
If they did hijack the Fleming, they sure didn't get very far with the cargo.
If they did not attack Solarion Four, then who did?
If they did, that information died with them.
If they die, I am responsible.
If they do have the ability to track us, they will move to avoid a collision.
If they do not have a plan for this contingency, we may have the initiative.
If they do not make the one we know is right, it may lead to war.
If they do, I will destroy them.
If they do, they will need a Sheriff and a deputy.
If they don't, I ask them to leave.
If they find I am missing, they will come for me.
If they get into trouble, beam them up immediately.
If they get too high, we'll blow the entire relay system.
If they pull down our shields, we're helpless.
If they send him back.
If they succeed, we will not even realise that these events occurred.
If they think we're helpless, they will try to board the ship.
If they tried it, they must have thought they were on to something.
If they were cloaked in some way.
If they were mine to deliver, I would do it without hesitation.
If they were part of an invasion, then why are they unarmed?
If they were, the swirl dampers would be frozen too and they aren't.
If they would just sit down with me.
If they'd only say what they think instead of hiding it.
If they'll meet me in Darthen, I will join them there tomorrow.
If they're lucky.
If they're right, we should be able to predict the next event.
If they're standing together, it shouldn't be a problem.
If things get difficult, this'll keep us one step ahead of them.
If things get worse, we'll use stronger measures.
If this causes you pain, I will suppress it, I will keep my distance.
If this continues, Lieutenant La Forge, no one will be healthy enough to care.
If this continues, there'll be no one left to run the ship.
If this gets out prematurely, it could seriously complicate matters.
If this is a Romulan ship, will it stay in position until we leave?
If this is a knife, what happened to Mavek?
If this is a real phaser, then I was on the Enterprise.
If this is a trap.
If this is because your mother objects?
If this is going to work, these people will need your strength, your guidance.
If this is the result of a Romulan attack, they may still be in the area.
If this is your way, I am relieved.
If this keeps up, it will tear up the Enterprise.
If this thing works, be sure to record everything.
If this timetable is correct, we could get an indication of something very soon.
If this was a bad dream, would you tell me?
If this was real, he'd be dead by now.
If this were a hundred times more powerful than it is.
If this works, we may not have much time to prevent the power transfer.
If this works, we'll be on our way.
If those had real bat'leths I might be dead right now.
If those people take up arms against us, then I cannot foresee the consequences.
If time is so important, why didn't they transmit the orders by subspace?
If time returns to normal I don't see how she can survive.
If true, it would represent a fundamental shift of power in the quadrant.
If two Cairn were having this conversation it would have been over minutes ago.
If we act quickly we can move through.
If we admit that, then we can move forward.
If we all die, here, now, you will not be able to gloat.
If we all stay in here, we're dead.
If we are curious about it, it has a perfect right to be curious about us.
If we are discovered by the Romulans it means death for us all.
If we are successful.
If we are to investigate, sir, we must get closer.
If we are, it will be in battle, and I will die with you.
If we beamed aboard the Enterprise, we'd be frozen in time just like they are.
If we break the comm.
If we can attain sufficient speed, it will lessen the shock when the wave hits.
If we can avoid a battle, I think we should.
If we can boost the output field, I might be able to send a distress signal.
If we can communicate with them, they might be able to help us.
If we can determine the geography of the compound, we can form a rescue plan.
If we can nail down this shield generator problem, I agree with La Forge.
If we can see them, why they can't see us?
If we can't correct it we may have to reverse course and leave the nebula.
If we can't figure out what's wrong with her, Captain, I don't think she will.
If we could distract him, if we could lure him away from her.
If we could modify the pattern enhancers we just might do it.
If we could share the funeral meditation.
If we could shut that down, you could use the confusion to find your people.
If we could talk our way out of this one, that much the better.
If we didn't win and we didn't lose?
If we do, it will be your job to execute the plan as discussed.
If we do, we will have to begin a new shaft at a suitable location.
If we don't destroy the Central Command, the entire effort will fail.
If we don't get him to sickbay, he will die!
If we don't get in that thing, I guarantee you don't either.
If we don't get out of here fast, they'll seal us in to contain the explosion.
If we don't neutralise the infection, within half an hour he'll be dead.
If we don't reach the T'Ong before its crew wakes up, you have no alternatives.
If we don't regain control, then no one else must have it either.
If we don't resist, we die.
If we don't succeed, then to convince them of our resolve.
If we even knew where to send it.
If we ever needed reminding of the importance of the Prime Directive, it is now.
If we find Commander Data, it may be our fate to die with him in the past.
If we follow that plan, we'll lose the Enterprise.
If we gain control of her systems remotely, we could activate the viewscreen.
If we go in at warp, we might make it expand even further.
If we go offline now, we'll lose the gas flow pattern we've been tracking.
If we go through there, where will we be?
If we go to war, let us be sure it is for the right reason.
If we got married
If we had business dealings, I can tell you that I wouldn't disappear.
If we had clear evidence.
If we had continued to remove that water, we would have destroyed them all.
If we had just a minute or so.
If we had not let them to escape, this would not be necessary.
If we had the file name.
If we hadn't sitting here waiting for the Captain, we wouldn't have noticed it.
If we have to evacuate, anything's possible.
If we haven't identified the source before the time interval, we'll leave orbit.
If we increase warp power transfer by eighty percent.
If we know how they think, shouldn't we be able to get something across to them?
If we know that, so do the Tamarians.
If we learn that she has been here, this establishment will be closed down.
If we lose containment, we should be prepared to separate.
If we lower our shields, the Romulan will strike.
If we maintain our current speed, two hours, twenty three minutes, sir.
If we must play a game, what would we win?
If we open the door and deactivate the atmospheric force field.
If we put in a request for more, it'll draw suspicion.
If we reach Starbase.
If we remain here, we will be destroyed.
If we resist, we die.
If we returned, we'd be destroyed.
If we send that ship back with new technology we will be altering the past.
If we set up some sort of relay system?
If we should need to compare this with the way you're put together?
If we shut down, it'll take another four months just to get it back.
If we sting them in a tender spot, they might stop for a minute to scratch.
If we stole a shuttlecraft, that would get us nowhere.
If we succeed, there will be no more quakes, no more volcanoes.
If we take him off too abruptly, he'll go into neural shock.
If we take no action, it's a conscious decision to let the Boraalans die.
If we take out a few of these, it just might make them scratch.
If we take the ship to the centre of the anomaly and create a static warp shell
If we target the right spot, the eruption would envelop the Borg ship.
If we try a logarithmic scale, we will have better resolution.
If we try to cross it, they'll see us, even if we're cloaked.
If we turn down the sensory input on the probe, I should be fine.
If we upset it this time, we might lose auxiliary power too.
If we use subspace radio we will be detected.
If we want to get Worf through his problem, it is.
If we were in Sickbay, I'd try a Caesarean section.
If we were out for a whole day, why didn't our beards grow?
If we were to create a contained subspace force field.
If we were to exchange places for one night, you might better understand.
If we weren't around all these people, do you know what I would like to do?
If we weren't over there, where the hell were we?
If we withdraw, what do you intend to do with the Bajoran vessel?
If we'd followed that advice, Martin, we'd all be dead by now.
If we're correct, we'll know it instantly.
If we're going to be damned, let's be damned for what we really are.
If we're going to be subject to your laws, we want a part in making it.
If we're going to get out of here, we're going to have to do it on our own.
If we're going to get out of here, you're going to have to trust me.
If we're going to share, let's share.
If we're going to try this, now's the time.
If we're gradual enough it won't be such a shock.
If we're lucky he'll regain consciousness in a few days.
If we're lucky, it will halt the degeneration, and maybe reverse its effects.
If we're lucky, the entire engineering section could be down there.
If we're to be accused, surely we're entitled to a defence?
If winning is not important, then, Commander, why keep score?
If ye have a lick of sense, you'll listen to me right now and do away with it.
If you act, Picard.
If you all talk at once it is almost impossible.
If you and Geordi are through down there, we'd like to have you on the Bridge.
If you and I are going to continue, I do not wish to hurt his feelings.
If you approve shore leave, sir, we could start with a small group.
If you are correct, he must be warned.
If you are correct, you are placing yourself in grave danger.
If you are father and daughter, you may well have shared the same dream.
If you are lying, if there is no prison camp, I will kill you.
If you are properly briefed, you will still be able to fulfill your duty.
If you are ready to eat, I will bring our meal.
If you are referring to the illness, you are partially correct.
If you are who you say you are, then you have nothing to lose.
If you are who you say you are, there's no need for any of this.
If you aren't up to it then you don't deserve to be here.
If you ask him, he'll deny it.
If you ask me, I'd like to take my chances out there.
If you ask me, it's the best part of any meal.
If you ask me, talking will be a waste of time.
If you ask me, you'd be better off with Sir Guy.
If you augment the thruster sequencing so that the inertial dampening fields
If you back out now, you'll throw away everything you've worked for.
If you believe I am all-powerful, then you cannot hurt me.
If you believe those accusations, then you certainly should act on them.
If you can ask the question, I'd say no.
If you can at least help us locate our people.
If you can bring happiness into Deanna's life, nothing would please me more.
If you can do that, you can stay here.
If you can feel those things from the man we know as Will Riker, accept them.
If you can get us there on time.
If you can hear me, we are entering the Neutral Zone now.
If you can't answer, just listen.
If you can't reprogram, then reroute.
If you can't take it here, then you might think about a transport ship.
If you can't talk to me, who can you talk to?
If you can't tell us any more, I need to send a team down to the lab.
If you can't, there's no place for you on my away team.
If you can.
If you cannot be his father, at least be his friend.
If you cannot do that, then perhaps you should return to your starship.
If you care to join us, we have a well-proven transporter device-
If you confine me to this cell, I cannot protect Salia.
If you continue on this course.
If you continue to violate the cease fire, I will abort this mission.
If you could assist me in the morning, Commander.
If you could just convince him that your cause is
If you could just hold still?
If you could see Sarek as I do, wasting in bed, whispering to himself.
If you could see the suffering the plague has caused.
If you could tell me when
If you could tell us something about the nature of your mission.
If you damage them, the essence of what they are remains.
If you dance.
If you dare come to Nottingham Castle, blood will be spilt.
If you decide to change your mind, there's no going back.
If you defend yourselves, you will be punished.
If you desire privacy, you may use the Observation lounge.
If you destroy this ship, then others will come in search of us.
If you do not cooperate, we will destroy your ship.
If you do not withdraw, we will take great offence.
If you do not, you will die.
If you do, you'll regret it the rest of your life.
If you don't do it, I will relieve you of duty.
If you don't follow orders.
If you don't go on this mission, we'll never meet.
If you don't help us, our ships will soon be inoperable.
If you don't know how it works, then how can you repair it?
If you don't mind, Captain, I prefer to choose my own team.
If you don't mind, I'd like to stay on for another shift.
If you don't mind, sir, I'd like to sit here awhile.
If you don't mind, there's something I'd like to say.
If you don't release the hostages, I won't cooperate.
If you don't remember that, maybe it's safer not to go home.
If you don't trust your own judgment, you don't belong in the command chair.
If you don't want to talk about it, it's okay.
If you don't want to talk to me in that way, then I think I should go.
If you don't, you force me to take command of this vessel.
If you doubt it, a demonstration can be arranged.
If you doubt this poison, why don't you test it on yourself?
If you drop a hammer on your foot, it's hardly useful to get mad at the hammer.
If you ever have a world, plan ahead.
If you find one, go.
If you fire, others will also.
If you force them to stay, you will be suppressing their human rights.
If you give your permission, we could begin immediately.
If you got to know him.
If you grow up.
If you had a homing device, we could track it to your location in subspace.
If you had an off switch Doctor, would you not keep it secret?
If you had been more like me, these people would not be here now.
If you had come instead of sending your cargo, you all would have made it.
If you had found your father you would have found only dishonour.
If you had given offence, you would not need to ask.
If you had the time, we could come up with another plan, but you don't.
If you had to give this feeling a name, what would you call it?
If you hadn't been there, I would have jumped just like he did.
If you hadn't grabbed my sword we'd be back in Sherwood by now.
If you have a bat for the ball, I can show you my favourite.
If you have a problem with any of this, I need to know it now.
If you have a statement, you'll have an opportunity to make it later.
If you have another idea, I'll be happy to consider it.
If you have any answer to any of this?
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask.
If you have something to say, I'm listening.
If you have time, I'll show it to you.
If you have to.
If you interfere, we will destroy you as well.
If you just let the game happen, it almost plays itself.
If you keep picking at that uniform you'll wear it out.
If you kill him, you will have to kill me.
If you knew something, why didn't you say so?
If you knew where we were, you should have attacked us.
If you leave before the Mek'ba, no shame will come on you.
If you leave, the Enterprise will be destroyed.
If you let the two of us go, they won't attack you.
If you like the Black Sea, you're going to love Lake Cataria on Betazed.
If you like, I will help you set up your comm.
If you make love to me.
If you mean a Tarellian vessel, sir, it is.
If you mean a disease, sir, I'd say there's no chance of it.
If you mean mathematically, yes, the probability is not zero.
If you mean murder, then I guess I'm guilty.
If you mean what the others were talking about.
If you met a double of yourself, would you have difficulty interacting with him?
If you must have one, I'm sure we can replicate it for you.
If you must.
If you need a recess, please, don't hesitate to ask.
If you need any help, you just use one of these comm.
If you need anything, ask for me.
If you need me, I'll be in holodeck four.
If you need me.
If you needed another hypospray?
If you order me to agree to the transfusion, I will obey, of course.
If you order me to stay on board, I will obey.
If you perceive any further danger, advise me immediately.
If you permit it to resign it will destroy years of work in robotics.
If you prefer to stand, fine, Mister Riker.
If you prick me, do I not leak?
If you reconsider, please contact us.
If you refer to the arch you ordered, it provides computer control.
If you remove the fibres, then Geordi might yet recover.
If you report this, you'll be making a terrible mistake, Doctor.
If you require any assistance, then the Enterprise is at your disposal.
If you require respect from us, I am sure that you will see it.
If you respect our customs and if we see that respect, we will be friends.
If you rule against us and we are victorious in a war against Gowron.
If you say so, Lieutenant.
If you sensed a fear of heights, you sensed pretty accurately.
If you so desire.
If you step out of that door, you will cease to exist.
If you still want to be my best friend, I'd like that very much.
If you take a stand, they'll fall in line.
If you tell Gowron what we have told you, it will destroy him.
If you tell them the truth, what will happen?
If you think that's best.
If you transport me, it will kill me.
If you truly consider me a friend, help me now.
If you violate it, you may jeopardising your career.
If you want a proper fit to your prosthetic, trust your tailor.
If you want me to really reach Tin Man, I have got to be in physical contact.
If you want me to stay and talk, you'd better not call for security this time.
If you want to be with him, you don't have to ask my permission.
If you want to continue this charade, you can do it alone.
If you want to get out of this, I suggest you listen to Captain Picard.
If you want to help her, leave.
If you want to help me, fine.
If you want to judge leadership, why not start at the beginning?
If you want to postpone the work?
If you want to prosecute my father, the authorities there will support you.
If you want to retrieve it, you simply access the proper RNA sequence.
If you want to share camp rations in my tent, I'd be delighted.
If you want to take this risk, the responsibility is yours.
If you want to talk about this, you know where to find me.
If you want to.
If you want us to stop, I'll have to do an emergency core shutdown.
If you want, I could become more persuasive.
If you want, I'll take the conn.
If you wanted to be alone, you would've stayed in your quarters.
If you were anyone else, you know the first thing I'd do?
If you were going to go through yourself, sir, that is not possible.
If you were, I would ask if I could join you and help you fight.
If you will accompany us to the Bridge.
If you will distract these people, I will attempt to depolarise the power grid.
If you will excuse me, Counsellor.
If you will excuse me, sir, I really must get back to work.
If you will excuse me.
If you will give us the transponder frequency.
If you will not open the vessel, I will.
If you will release them, I will take their place.
If you win, I'll take you to the ruins of Ligillium.
If you wish this foolish arbitration, I will choose my own prize.
If you wish to apologise, I am prepared to listen.
If you wish to spend time examining us.
If you wish to withdraw from the ja'chuq, that is your option.
If you wish, I can find someone else to command the Enterprise for this mission.
If you wish, I can see that they're informed.
If you wish, I'll have you conducted to your quarters.
If you wish, sir.
If you wish, you can stay on board while we wait.
If you wish, you can stay on the Enterprise.
If you won't take action, then I will!
If you won't take them, I most certainly will.
If you would accompany the Counsellor.
If you would assist me in a test of the comm.
If you would just have a seat and we'll try some jokes like.
If you would let me talk to your
If you would like me to take him a message.
If you would like to take a couple of days off, I'll run the interface.
If you would make the brine for a really strong hasperat.
If you'd give reasonable orders, I'd obey.
If you'd missed my company, I should think you'd have summoned me before now.
If you'll come with me?
If you'll deliver these men to us, we'll have them off your planet immediately.
If you'll excuse me, Captain.
If you'll excuse me, I would like to document this experience.
If you'll excuse me, I've got my duties to attend to.
If you'll excuse me, it's time to send our ships on their journey.
If you'll excuse me, ma'am.
If you'll excuse me, sir.
If you'll excuse us, Commander Data and I have much to do.
If you'll excuse us.
If you'll excuse us?
If you'll follow me, sir.
If you'll follow me.
If you'll let me.
If you're asked any questions, look at me as though you're afraid to answer.
If you're asking for speculation, I'd say yes, sir, they are.
If you're caught in one.
If you're going to argue, you should remember, the higher the fewer.
If you're going to judge me, judge me for what I am now.
If you're going to leave, you'd better go right now.
If you're here to persuade me not to use the invasive programme.
If you're here, the entire crew must know.
If you're interested.
If you're looking for a more lenient commander, I don't think you'll find one.
If you're my mother's valet, then please valet!
If you're not careful, you could kill yourself.
If you're picking up my thoughts, you'd know.
If you're prepared to get started, so are we.
If you're really his friend, you'll get him to take that grey out of his hair.
If you're right about this, how did it happen?
If you're right, perhaps we could escape the loop by avoiding the collision.
If you're right, we can use a phaser to lure it away.
If you're so sure about that, why are you still so upset?
If you're wondering about Mom, Commander Riker, she's not unfriendly.
If you're wondering about the evaluations, things couldn't be better.
If you're wrong, it could mean our destruction.
If you've came back to study us, to study the captain, why would you pick today?
If you've got to win, you've got to hit.
If your calculations are even slightly off, we'd hit the atmosphere.
If your engines are functioning we'll attempt to break free.
If your father were still alive, I'm sure he'd say the same thing.
If your game is fair, we will.
If your heart rate gets too high, we're going to disconnect you.
If your intent is to intimidate, you are not succeeding.
If your intention is to make me human, Q.
If your mother were here I do not think she would want us to fight like this.
If your troops attack that village, my security forces will respond.
If your word is no good, then how can we ever trust Starfleet?
If's just that I prefer to be acquainted with the women that I kiss.
If, however, I am telling the truth and I am mortal, you will kill me.
If.
Ignite the plasma.
Ihat and the others didn't seem to be frightened of Korgano.
Ihat risked his life to show me that symbol, and Masaka killed him for doing it.
Ihat said that if we created the temple, then it would get her attention.
Ihat said that someone named Korgano isn't chasing Masaka anymore.
Ihat, if she's looking for a sacrifice, she can take me.
Ihat, the sign, give it to me.
Ihat, this place you come from, is it a cultural archive of your species?
Imagery is everything to the Tamarians.
Images of happier times?
Imagination is not necessary.
Imagine the Ferengi collecting tolls if we lose to them.
Imagine the fear which will roll before us.
Imagine what they have done.
Imagine, allowing me to go on like that with that man, who doesn't even exist.
Immediately!
Immediately.
Immobilised by the damn Ferengi.
Immortal.
Impact analysis, computer.
Impact in fifteen seconds.
Impact in seventeen seconds.
Impact in three, two, one.
Impact in twenty six seconds.
Impact is in four minutes.
Impatient, taking risks.
Impeccable timing.
Impending warp core breach.
Imperative?
Imperfect could mean I lack certain abilities he possesses.
Implementing that plan is proving more troublesome.
Implosion will occur in one minute five seconds.
Implosion, due to extreme negligence on the part of her Captain.
Impossible for me.
Impossible to get an accurate reading.
Impossible to identify at this distance.
Impossible, Captain.
Impossible, Yareena.
Impotence on top of everything.
Impractical and provocative.
Imprecise, Lieutenant.
Impressions, Mister Worf?
Impressions, Number One?
Impressive demonstration, isn't it?
Impressive, aren't they?
Imprisonment is an injury, regardless of how you justify.
Improvise around the melody.
Improvise.
Impudence is pretending to be Fek'lhr of Klingon.
Impudence?
Impudent wretch.
Impulse and warp engines are offline.
Impulse engine design hasn't changed much in the last two hundred years.
Impulse engine functions all appear normal.
Impulse engines are down too.
Impulse engines are not responding, sir.
Impulse engines are now at one hundred twenty five percent.
Impulse engines are offline and I can't stop our momentum.
Impulse engines at full power.
Impulse engines not responding!
Impulse engines now at full power.
Impulse engines passing safety limits.
Impulse engines to full.
Impulse engines.
Impulse power They are approaching the entry to the wormhole, sir.
Impulse power has resumed.
Impulse power to the helm.
Impulse power's fluctuating.
Impulse propulsion systems.
Impulse?
Imzadi!
Imzadi, do you still care about me?
In Council chamber, you are my cha'DIch.
In Devron system in the Neutral Zone.
In English, Data.
In God's name, where did you learn to fight like this, man?
In Naked Now.
In Ten Forward?
In Ventaxian culture, it is considered bad luck to speak her name out loud.
In a Galaxy Class starship?
In a Romulan ship?
In a computerised simulation, I assisted in the delivery of a human baby.
In a crisis situation, it is prudent to have several options.
In a crisis, there's no time for explanations.
In a day, I will bond with a man I've never met.
In a difficult situation a man like that would act aggressively.
In a dream?
In a few days, everything is dead.
In a few hours, you will deliver this statement alongside our Senate Proconsul.
In a few moments, Doctor.
In a few weeks.
In a funny way, finding this out is kind of a relief.
In a harlot's bedchamber?
In a lot of ways it would have been easier to just walk away, but I didn't.
In a manner of speaking he is.
In a matter of days, there'll be no sunlight getting through those clouds.
In a moment, Doctor.
In a moment, it will launch that weapon against the targets on the surface.
In a moment.
In a moment?
In a place called McKinley Park.
In a place like this.
In a pool of water, the road ahead will be filled with good fortune.
In a quest such as ours, sacrifices have to be made.
In a sense we have already met Mrs.
In a sense, Data has the android equivalent of multiple personalities.
In a sense, it almost reproduces with the replicators.
In a sense, this small symbol might be seen to be chasing Masaka.
In a sense, you did give Moriarty what he wanted.
In a sense, you were her grandmother.
In a situation like this, you absolutely have to interfere.
In a way it's mine.
In a way that pleases people who care about your happiness, yes, it is.
In a way, Doctor.
In a way, I am not that different from anyone else.
In a way, I suppose you could say I am your mother.
In a way, I wish he'd never come on board the ship.
In a way, I'd rather be fighting my way this, It's just too damned easy.
In a way, he not only lost his mother, he lost his father as well.
In a way, it would have been like committing suicide.
In a way, you're very lucky.
In a world where children blow up children, everyone's a threat.
In about a week.
In accordance with Ventaxian legal precedent, I call for an arbitration.
In action, how like an angel.
In actuality, a day.
In actuality, less than one percent of the Enterprise crew was involved.
In addition, I have become used to her.
In addition, I require access to your ship's computer.
In addition, the use of colour suggests a haphazard melange of clashing styles.
In all cases, Darnay's is terminal.
In all honesty, Captain, the thought has occurred to me.
In all probability, he is simply lonely.
In all the holodeck.
In all the ways that matter, we are alike.
In all the years we've known each other, have I ever lied to you?
In all these discussions, no one has ever mentioned her wishes.
In all this time, have I ever broken it?
In all trust, there is the possibility of betrayal.
In alphabetical order.
In another few minutes, I wouldn't have responded to you, Susanna.
In another time and place this could be funny.
In any case, I'll be watching.
In any case, a trading situation developed which still exists.
In any case, he'll obey me.
In any event, we now know about your race and we know how to imprison you.
In any event, why risk both of us?
In appearance, almost four earth years old.
In apprehension, how like a god.
In associational therapy, we expose the patient to familiar surroundings.
In battle?
In between she never stopped working.
In case anything ever happened to me, you would be responsible for him.
In case we decide to surrender to them, Number One.
In charge?
In class.
In combat.
In considering all these vast possibilities, I suddenly feel very much alone.
In custody, and there's nothing you can do about it.
In deja vu, you only think you're repeating events.
In effect, I put them all to sleep.
In effect, you have abandoned what I have sought all my life.
In effective isolation.
In essence, Captain, Mister Worf does not belong in our universe.
In essence, I have a conscience.
In essence, yes.
In every Western I've ever read, the villains always break their word.
In every measurable sense, my Enterprise is far superior.
In every way, of course.
In fact I authorise and support your idea, Riker.
In fact I do actually remember that I laughed out loud.
In fact I might like to say a few words.
In fact, I am unable to provide a verbal description of the experience.
In fact, I believe you are facing twelve counts of court martial offences.
In fact, I can find no service record whatsoever.
In fact, I could really use your help with that level three diagnostic.
In fact, I don't intend to go on using this any longer.
In fact, I have a new nurse, Beck.
In fact, I need to get some back.
In fact, I probably skipped my childhood altogether.
In fact, I remember running a power conduit right behind this wall here.
In fact, I sensed no tension from you or Goss.
In fact, I think you did that for me once, when I was in pretty bad shape.
In fact, I wrote a book about it.
In fact, I'll bet she won't be coming around as much anymore.
In fact, I'm counting on it.
In fact, I'm delighted you're going.
In fact, I'm recommending you for a promotion.
In fact, I've never felt better.
In fact, Penny is waiting for me right now.
In fact, Q's entire visit has something to do with our First Officer.
In fact, ales for everyone.
In fact, even I may stop selling it.
In fact, he rarely spoke at all.
In fact, if I could choose one word to assess his mood, it would be amused.
In fact, inherently, he has a non-violent personality.
In fact, it could be quite wonderful.
In fact, it falls within the coordinates of this sector.
In fact, it's Starfleet General Order Number One, is it not?
In fact, it's amazing how little it has changed.
In fact, just getting the blood off your hands took over an hour.
In fact, just to opposite.
In fact, my parents had to make me go out and play.
In fact, she was not a Vulcan at all, was she?
In fact, some of our designs were used in constructing the Enterprise.
In fact, the Admiral is fact suggesting you be moved to Galor Four, Lal.
In fact, the programme is continuing even now inside that cube.
In fact, there have been many ages which have come and passed since Makto.
In fact, they seem to be appearing at random.
In fact, they trouble him deeply.
In fact, this human saved my life.
In fact, too fine.
In fact, we are, Commander.
In fact, we have no idea where it is.
In fact, we replaced the transition coils only last week.
In fact, we're going to have a real blow-out here.
In fact, we've been expecting this.
In fact, with you here now is provoking an emotional revelation.
In fact, you are all now in excellent health.
In fact, you shamed them into compromise.
In fact, you're as much class as this joint's ever seen.
In fairness?
In for a penny, in for a pound, is that what you're saying, Mister Data?
In form, in moving, how express and admirable.
In forty-eight hours, the reactor core will be online.
In general, yes.
In giving.
In good time, Duras.
In great quantities.
In her quarters with the boy.
In here, Data.
In here, Mom.
In his digestive tract?
In his heart, he's still the same man you married, Anne.
In his quarters?
In his waking dream he said that there was a mouth on her shoulder.
In human parlance, I do not believe I can get the job done.
In itself, I can accept that.
In keeping with that tradition, I have written my next poem in honour of my cat.
In life, one is always tested.
In light of your telepathic abilities, it raises the question.
In many of these cases the damage is permanent.
In many ways I'll have even less freedom than I did on Klavdia Three.
In many ways he's suffering as badly as the boy.
In many ways, Deanna Troi is the friend that I understand the least.
In many ways, we are both still outsiders in human society.
In medicine I'm often faced with puzzles that I do not know the answer to.
In my Ready room, Mister Worf.
In my Ready room, when your duties permit.
In my arrogance I thought no one could possibly harm the great Riva.
In my day, even an Admiral wouldn't have had such quarters on a starship.
In my daydreams at least.
In my experience, communication is a matter of patience, imagination.
In my heart of hearts, I am a Klingon, Worf.
In my mind, that was the day that my mother actually died.
In my mind.
In my office.
In my opinion, it's too risky.
In my opinion, sir, Altair Three was too dangerous to risk exposing the Captain.
In my opinion, sir, they're gibberish.
In my opinion, that's the only choice.
In my opinion, the Romulans want a confrontation specifically with us.
In my opinion, your reason for forcing this confrontation is not valid.
In my other deliveries, except for a couple, the father was always present.
In my tradition, we do not grieve the loss of the body.
In my youth, they called me a vunderkind.
In one Earth hour, then?
In one hour, DaiMon Bok.
In one sense, Korgano is Masaka's nemesis.
In or out, just close that door.
In orbit around a planet at coordinates two two seven mark three five nine, sir.
In orbit around the second planet is the eighty-year old Starcruiser, Hathaway.
In orbit of Quadra Sigma Three, sir.
In order to defeat your enemy, you must first understand them.
In order to get some power, I had to by-pass the computer core.
In order to keep your daughter alive and healthy, for one.
In order to save Deanna, Alkar has to break his link with her.
In order to save myself time, let me ask those questions for you.
In order to save themselves, they will give us what we demand.
In order to tarnish our good name.
In other words, a form of crucifixion.) First Officer's log, supplemental.
In other words, he curled up his toes and laid unconscious on the floor.
In other words, something that's more than just the sum of its parts.
In other words, you, brother.
In others just erratic behaviour.
In others, I have watched it intently.
In our case, electrochemical in nature.
In our own police shuttle.
In our society, we share the responsibilities and the pleasures equally.
In our study of your culture, we did not understand certain concepts.
In preparation for the sweep, we are evacuating the ship.
In primary care on deck fourteen.
In private and off the record.
In private.
In reality I do not know.
In reality, the actual passage of time remains fixed.
In recess.
In relative terms, perhaps not.
In retrospect, I wonder if Captain Gleason wasn't buttering our bread a little.
In return for some consideration.
In return for some pain you'd given other creature?
In return, I give his life to you.
In revenge, there never is.
In seventeen hours their hull degradation will reach dangerous levels.
In solitude, there is nothing to trigger unusual behaviour.
In some cases, I have ignored the kettle.
In some cases.
In some way you were set apart from them.
In some way, you were different from the other colonists.
In spite of all you've done to me, I find you a pitiable man.
In spite of the fact that I am an android?
In spite of what has occurred, I intend to continue with my efforts.
In stasis.
In taking.
In that case, I am alone.
In that case, let me do my job.
In that case, make our heading nine two five mark three seven.
In that case, my instincts tell me that we'd better hurry.
In that case, never mind.
In that case, the trick is to be the wolf that's still standing at the end.
In that case, we simply keep the crew asleep.
In that case, we'll be on our way.
In that case, you won't mind my saying that I hope you're not my father.
In that circumstance, re-establishing control should be our top priority.
In that dream they gave me drugs.
In that event, the Enterprise will be given more important matters to attend to.
In that time, you can meet with the Legarans and conclude the treaty.
In the Delta Quadrant.
In the Marta community on the southern continent.
In the Neutral Zone.
In the Neutral Zone?
In the Observation lounge with Data and Troi.
In the Zone, there are a lot of us who feel that way.
In the beginning, a little bit of each.
In the beginning, he seemed like a saviour.
In the bottle.
In the case of Lutan, however, I did feel other needs.
In the case of this group, it apparently worked.
In the computer log for that time period.
In the confusion, they hit us a second time.
In the contract, does it specify how you would know me when I return?
In the early days on Tau Cygna Five, survival was more important than history.
In the early twenty-second century, Earth was recovering from World War Three.
In the end, I'll be like him.
In the first place, Doctor, I'm not aware of needing any defence.
In the holodeck, energy is converted to matter.
In the interests of diplomacy, I will allow you to speak to Morag.
In the interim, stand ready to initiate transporter code fourteen at my signal.
In the interim, the Academy's loss is our gain.
In the last few days I've found confidence I never knew was there.
In the last three hours and eight minutes, I have spoken to fifty six colonists.
In the line of duty.
In the logs, she described many concepts we found difficult to understand.
In the mean time, there's no need to deprive you of your needed medicine.
In the meantime, Governor, you should expect the weather problems to continue.
In the meantime, I am faced with a crisis of a different nature.
In the meantime, I have a personal matter to attend to.
In the meantime, I have to deal with Professor Moriarty.
In the meantime, I think I'll go get my jacket.
In the meantime, I think you should make yourself more available to Clara.
In the meantime, I want you to talk to someone.
In the meantime, I want you to try to take it easy and get some rest.
In the meantime, I will continue making preparations for a rescue attempt.
In the meantime, I will get you a somnetic inducer to put by your bed.
In the meantime, I would like to meet with this Ronin.
In the meantime, I'll begin the assimilation of these Klingons to our era.
In the meantime, I'll speak with the Klingon Governor about Commander Morag.
In the meantime, Mister Data, I suggest that you should prepare for bed.
In the meantime, assemble your fleet, Captain.
In the meantime, proceed with the analysis.
In the meantime, take us out of range.
In the meantime, they fight.
In the meantime, we have a few things to discuss.
In the meantime, we must protect ourselves.
In the meantime, we'd better get Commander La Forge down here.
In the meantime, we'll have to convince Captain Picard he should leave.
In the meantime, we're going to your Ten Forward.
In the meantime, you'd better disconnect that device.
In the meantime?
In the mind of the Romulan commander during the attack.
In the morgue, you were conscious the whole time.
In the next class starship.
In the novel.
In the past, women were often considered weak and inferior.
In the present context, what did she mean by bust him up?
In the process, the blast completely destroys the Enterprise as well.
In the story, the spirits used fear to motivate Scrooge to reform his character.
In the strictest sense, I did not win.
In the universe but barely aware of it.
In the world of fact, probably not.
In the, during transport.
In their eyes, we shouldn't even be involved.
In their long history of war, the Romulans have rarely attacked first.
In their sights.
In their view, it would weaken us.
In theory it could operate over several light years.
In theory, a ship using this device could pass through normal matter.
In theory, accelerating beyond warp ten.
In theory.
In this case you seem to have found a malfunction.
In this case, I think I do.
In this case, the pattern was virtually impossible to detect.
In this context, I must assume that your intention was to express support.
In this heat, the shuttle will act like an oven.
In this house.
In this place.
In this room, you do not ask questions.
In this situation, Prime Directive prohibits me from helping you.
In this time period, the Klingons have taken over the Romulan Empire.
In three hours time we are scheduled to meet with the Legaran delegation.
In three hours, our shields will no longer be sufficient to protect us, sir.
In three minutes we will be within phaser range.
In through the nose, out through the mouth.
In time I will leave all of this and join you out there.
In time for what?
In time it formed second skin, dank and vile.
In time there would have been full disclosure.
In time, Mister Data.
In time, and with help.
In time, we may be able to reconstruct the perpetrator's authorisation code.
In time, you will grow accustomed to life here.
In true Klingon fashion.
In truth, I simply do not have authority in this matter.
In turn it was assumed that you did not come under false pretenses.
In two or three weeks, nanites may be all that's left of the Federation.
In victory.
In view of the present crisis, I believe you should relinquish command to me.
In visual range, Captain.
In war, one attacks one's enemies.
In ways that I cannot even begin to calculate.
In what manner, sir?
In what regard?
In what respect?
In what way have we mistreated her?
In what way, Doctor?
In which case I'd very much like to confer with you.
In winter.
In your Federation terms.
In your case, all the way back to Alpha Onias three.
In your favour?
In your heart, even you know that.
In your mind that woman exists, physically.
In your mind, return to the time when you were an infant.
In your own paltry, limited way.
In your own regiment.
In your own words, this is not our affair.
In your position, it's important to ask yourself one question.
In your ready room?
In your sector?
In your talks, you must be extremely accurate.
Inad and I have contacted our home planet.
Inadequate.
Inadvisable at any warp speed, sir.
Incidental?
Include a burn unit with each kit.
Include whoever the Doctor requires to assist.
Including Bayesian functions, broad EM and subspace spectrum polling.
Including Wesley, the boy?
Including a cure.
Including a fairly heavy chest.
Including breakfast.
Including everything you know about what happened to them.
Including me?
Including myself.
Including questionnaires, Mister Worf.
Including questionnaires?
Including the Krieger wave converter that Doctor Apgar claimed didn't work.
Including the Neutral Zone border.
Including the victim.
Including those aboard all your shuttlecraft.
Including yourself?
Includling the kiddillies!
Incoming Romulan transmission, Captain.
Incoming message from Bilana Three, Captain.
Incoming message from Doctor Ja'Dar.
Incoming message from Garadius Four, sir.
Incoming message from Romulus on all subspace channels.
Incoming message from the Angosian Prime Minister.
Incoming message from the Romulan ship, Captain.
Incoming message.
Incoming transmission from Admiral Blackwell.
Incoming transmission from the Romulan command ship.
Incoming transmission from the colony, Captain.
Incommunicado.
Inconclusive, Captain.
Inconclusive, sir.
Inconsequential.
Incorrect strategy, Number One.
Increase Borg strength by thirty percent.
Increase Borg strength by twenty percent.
Increase TCH levels to
Increase by one thousand, Mister Data.
Increase by thirty three percent.
Increase deflector modulation to upper frequency band.
Increase magnification by ten.
Increase magnification to fifty.
Increase magnification, factor fifty.
Increase magnification, factor one thousand.
Increase oxygen mixture to ninety five percent.
Increase oxygen mixture to ninety percent.
Increase power to forward shields.
Increase power to the shields.
Increase power!
Increase shields to seventy five percent.
Increase speed to intercept the Romulan vessel.
Increase speed to the rendezvous coordinates.
Increase speed to warp eight point nine.
Increase speed to warp one.
Increase speed.
Increase the intensity, Mister Data.
Increase the level slightly to point three one.
Increase the power.
Increase the sensor field bandwidth.
Increase thermal input coefficient to one hundred fifty percent.
Increase to full impulse.
Increase to half impulse.
Increase to seventy microvolts.
Increase to ten to the third power.
Increase to three point zero.
Increase to warp six.
Increase torchlight by twenty percent.
Increasing by fifty percent.
Increasing impulse power to tractor emitters.
Increasing magnification, sir.
Increasing now.
Increasing power and warp field and tractor beam.
Increasing power to number three shield to compensate.
Increasing power to the shields.
Increasing signal strength to seventy five percent of tolerance.
Increasing to forty percent.
Increasing to one half impulse.
Increasing to one third impulse power, sir.
Increasing to two thirds impulse.
Increasing to warp three.
Incredible, Captain!
Incredible, Worf!
Incredible, an android.
Incredibly complex.
Incroyable!
Indeed I am.
Indeed he has.
Indeed he was.
Indeed we do.
Indeed we have.
Indeed you have.
Indeed, Captain?
Indeed, I.
Indeed, Mrs.
Indeed, death has been known to stop revolutions.
Indeed, it's all part of the same thing.
Indeed, my dear.
Indeed, there are many races that are not empathically detectable.
Indeed, we shall never know for certain, if Guinan is correct.
Indeed, why?
Indicate to your partner where you want her to step.
Indications of what humans would call a wild party?
Indirectly.
Indispensable is the appropriate word.
Individually they were both so
Individually, a cell has life but not intelligence.
Indri Eight doesn't seem much more promising.
Indubitably, Data has been studying him.
Indubitably, my dear Data.
Indubitably, my good woman.
Indubitably, sir, Indubitably.
Indubitably.
Indulge me, Number One.
Ineffable quality.
Ineffective.
Inertial dampeners are offline.
Inertial dampers are failing.
Inertial dampers are on manual.
Inertial dampers at maximum.
Inertial dampers compensating.
Inertial guidance shows one point four parsecs travelled, Captain.
Infamous!
Infamy?
Infect it?
Inflicted pain?
Influenced our young, stirred up dissent.
Influenced, perhaps.
Inform Doctor Crusher.
Inform Starfleet Command that we will hold this position until further notice.
Inform him of our projected time of arrival.
Inform him we're on our way.
Inform me as soon as it is complete.
Inform me when you are ready.
Inform the Bridge I shall begin the first test in precisely fifteen minutes.
Inform the Bridge.
Inform the Captain.
Inform the Enterprise that two of our guests are ready to return.
Inform the bridge of engine status.
Inform the crew we're going back.
Inform them that their government will be contacted shortly about this incident.
Inform them the transfer will take place shortly.
Inform them we are abandoning the ship.
Inform them we'll connect as soon as they arrive.
Inform them you will remain here with me.
Inform transporter room two to beam the Governor aboard.
Information comes my way.
Information on the Klingon political structure is hard to come by these days.
Information on this sector is incomplete.
Informed.
Ingenious.
Inhale.
Inhibited, I suppose.
Initial scans of ionisation patterns complete, sir.
Initialising the back-up pattern buffer.
Initializing deuterium infusion sequence.
Initially I was.
Initiate Kumeh manoeuvre.
Initiate a circulatory probe.
Initiate a metallurgical analysis of the ship's hull.
Initiate a radio link to the ship.
Initiate auto sequence.
Initiate auto-destruct.
Initiate auto-destruct?
Initiate automated sequence for departure.
Initiate decontamination sequence.
Initiate emergency bulkheads in turboshaft four.
Initiate full check, all systems.
Initiate full restart.
Initiate intruder alert.
Initiate launch sequence.
Initiate long range scans.
Initiate prefire sequence.
Initiate protocol three six four dash B.
Initiate recovery procedures.
Initiate search of grid one six three.
Initiate sensor sweeps.
Initiate shuttle preflight sequence.
Initiate stabilisation procedure!
Initiate start-up sequence.
Initiate that procedure	.
Initiate the resonance frequency burst.
Initiate the transformation.
Initiate the transport.
Initiate transformation.
Initiate warp shell!
Initiated as a programmed response.
Initiating DNA sequencer.
Initiating compound release now.
Initiating computer task hand-off.
Initiating data transfer.
Initiating dream programme.
Initiating emergency landing procedures.
Initiating emergency shutdown!
Initiating evasive manoeuvres.
Initiating field generation.
Initiating first neural link.
Initiating interface now.
Initiating interface.
Initiating inverse warp field.
Initiating ionisation field pulse.
Initiating pre-launch sequence.
Initiating pulse now.
Initiating resonance sweep.
Initiating reverse sequence, now.
Initiating scans now, Captain.
Initiating sensor sweep of grid zero one.
Initiating static warp shell now.
Initiating tachyon pulse.
Initiating transport now.
Initiating transport sequence now.
Initiating tricorder emissions.
Initiating warp pulse now.
Initiating warp-transfer pathways now.
Inject norep.
Inject reactants.
Injector conduit temperature minus one hundred degrees Celsius.
Injector couplings are frozen.
Injector status?
Injectors are failing.
Injectors freeze, anti-grav unit goes down, and transporter malfunctions.
Injectors open.
Injured?
Injury report, Doctor?
Inner hull failure imminent on decks twenty three, twenty four, and twenty five.
Inoperable at the time, but easily correctable now.
Inorganic or not, it is alive.
Inorganic.
Input overload.
Input processing, pattern recognition, all within established parameters.
Input your observations into the Universal Translator.
Inputting the symbol now.
Inquiry, sir.
Inseminating a husk.
Inside Captain Picard's quarters.
Inside and out.
Inside her, the dark place.
Inside here!
Inside me?
Inside the freighter!
Inside the holodeck.
Inspector who?
Inspector, Inspector, this is hearsay.
Inspector, perhaps I can be of assistance.
Instability.
Installation of the new engine core has been completed.
Instant booby trap.
Instead of dealing with their feelings, they act on them.
Instead of firing they suddenly disarmed and cancelled.
Instead of the ship, I'll give you some time.
Instead you chose to fight.
Instead you joined with the others to pretended that was simply an accident.
Instead, I have betrayed them.
Instead, the Council chose to blame my father.
Instinct, Data, instinct.
Instincts that have not been dulled by living among civilised men.
Instruct Engineering to proceed.
Instruct here.
Insufficient data.
Insufficient signal strength.
Insufficient to clear the photosphere.
Insulting the honour of a Klingon can be extremely dangerous.
Insurance.
Intact, for the most part.
Integrity field stress exceeding eighty two million kilodynes.
Intelligence, self awareness, consciousness.
Intelligent converse is impossible.
Intelligent.
Intend?
Intense magnetic fields have a disruptive effect on electrical systems.
Intense plasmonic reactions are destroying it.
Intense, burning jealousy.
Intensity is three point two terawatts and increasing.
Interaction required.
Intercept course laid in.
Intercept.
Intercooler flux down to five percent.
Interesting choice of words.
Interesting choices.
Interesting hypothesis.
Interesting metaphor, Doctor.
Interesting night?
Interesting pun, don't you agree, for matter is what I am not.
Interesting question.
Interesting relationship.
Interesting theory, Captain.
Interesting, Q.
Interesting, isn't it?
Interesting, that order about phasers.
Interesting?
Interface deactivated.
Interface terminals on main Bridge only.
Interference from the star's radiation will shield us from their sensors.
Interference?
Interfleet communications are at a minimum.
Interlock complete.
Interlock current feeds.
Interlock established.
Interlock is engaged.
Intermittent?
Internal damage.
Internal space frame is...
Interrogate him here.
Interrogative.
Intersect one hour, sixteen minutes, thirty three seconds.
Intersection eight J, aft port.
Interval, twenty minutes.
Into attack posture.
Into living plants?
Into mud.
Into nothingness.
Into the anomaly, Chief.
Into the asteroid?
Intriguing, Doctor.
Introduce yourself to one of them.
Introns?
Intruder alert, deck twelve.
Intruder alert.
Intruder relays do show something.
Intruder signals unstable, Captain, I cannot lock on.
Intuition.
Investigating some things that I've noticed since I've been here.
Invidium has been confirmed.
Invincible.
Invite him, Mister Data.
Inviting others to unclothe them.
Ionic interference is too heavy.
Ionisation pulse complete.
Ira Graves is arguably the greatest human mind in the universe.
Ira Graves is dead.
Ira never told you how beautiful you were to him.
Ira put himself in the computer.
Ira, you're hurting me!
Ira?
Iresine is always accompanied by a severely decreased histamine count.
Iresine syndrome is a cause of the electropathic pattern.
Ironically, you may know Sarek better than his own son does.
Irony is a form of expression I have not yet been able to master.
Irrational?
Irrelevant testimony, entirely irrelevant.
Irrelevant, sir.
Irrelevant?
Irumodic Syndrome can take years to run its course.
Is Admiral Jameson on board?
Is Ambassador Sarek unable to
Is Captain Picard all right?
Is Commander Data intelligent?
Is Commander La Forge there?
Is Commander Riker aboard that ship?
Is Commander Riker aboard?
Is Commander Riker alive?
Is Commander Riker still on the Bridge?
Is Counsellor Troi with you?
Is Data a machine?
Is Data?
Is Doctor Pulaski there?
Is Engineering your destination as well?
Is Geordi all right?
Is Gowron aware that we have been transmitting messages for the past three days?
Is Hannah able to hear me?
Is Hedril me when I was a little girl?
Is La Forge still down there?
Is Lieutenant Worf all right?
Is Liva going with you?
Is Maques suggesting that your mother's metaconscious has been somehow damaged?
Is Mister Kosinski like he sounds?
Is Nuria one of these five?
Is Nuria the closest of the five?
Is Nuria the one in motion?
Is Q being patient with you?
Is Sarjenka safely home?
Is Vash's life worth more than Data's or Troi's or Worf's?
Is Worf hurt?
Is a Kriosian ambassador aboard this vessel?
Is a drug addict.
Is an order to report to Sickbay.
Is anybody out there?
Is anybody there?
Is anyone else so charming?
Is anyone in there?
Is anyone on the Bridge hurt?
Is being presented.
Is buried on that mountain.
Is close to death.
Is dead.
Is deaf.
Is either populated?
Is equal to the sum of the square of the other two.
Is everybody all right there?
Is everybody all right?
Is everyone else all right?
Is everyone off the Fleming?
Is everything all right up there, Captain?
Is everything all right up there?
Is everything alright?
Is father with you?
Is fear the only weapon you have?
Is giving Worf a run for his money.
Is gone.
Is growth actually occurring in module L seven three?
Is he a defector or not?
Is he all right?
Is he armed?
Is he aware of you?
Is he bluffing or does he have the cards?
Is he called Hugh?
Is he dead?
Is he everything you'd always hoped for?
Is he here?
Is he hit?
Is he in some kind of trouble?
Is he infested as well?
Is he sick?
Is he still Captain of this vessel?
Is he still alive?
Is he still teaching?
Is he still tending grounds, or have the years finally caught up with him?
Is he still trying to raise the ocean floor?
Is he still yours?
Is he the property of Starfleet?
Is he there alone?
Is he under arrest?
Is he worse?
Is he?
Is her death the reason you're giving up your post here?
Is hereby nullified.
Is honour all you care about?
Is irreversible.
Is it God?
Is it Lieutenant Juarez?
Is it a Borg ship?
Is it a Romulan plot?
Is it a humanoid?
Is it a life form, Data?
Is it a ploy to start a war?
Is it a problem for you to report to duty on time, Lieutenant?
Is it a weapon?
Is it a wild theory, Data?
Is it a wormhole?
Is it alive?
Is it all there?
Is it always on time, Bhavani?
Is it another holographic device?
Is it as good as your report suggests, Number One?
Is it because I have no honour in your eyes that you expect me to be disloyal?
Is it because what you have told me is not true?
Is it big enough to cause a threat?
Is it closed?
Is it contained?
Is it dangerous?
Is it emitting any signals, Lieutenant?
Is it enough?
Is it having any effect?
Is it in control of you, sir?
Is it just Riker?
Is it just words to you, or do you fathom the meaning?
Is it logical for a Vulcan to cry?
Is it logical to ignore your own good sense?
Is it lonely for her?
Is it my fault?
Is it my imagination or does it look a lot meaner this time?
Is it my imagination, or is something bothering the Captain?
Is it part of a Romulan plot, a ploy to start a war?
Is it part of your programme to seek out vulnerabilities in your enemies?
Is it permitted for you to show us around this ship?
Is it possible he could have been abducted?
Is it possible our swords have crossed somewhere before?
Is it possible that Worf could see Counsellor Troi as his mate?
Is it possible that the Ferengi might have hijacked it?
Is it possible that the loss of Graves might have affected him?
Is it possible that this malfunction will affect the other holodecks as well?
Is it possible they could have been feeding you disinformation?
Is it possible to bypass the normal pathways?
Is it possible to fall in love in one day?
Is it possible to lock onto the core itself, beam it into space?
Is it possible to re-adjust the targeting sequence?
Is it possible to speculate about what's happening to him?
Is it possible we've fallen into the same snare that killed them?
Is it really so complicated?
Is it required, sir?
Is it responding to us?
Is it scanning us?
Is it serious?
Is it so hard to speak of love?
Is it so important that you to win one last argument?
Is it something that the shields can't handle?
Is it stable enough for an away team?
Is it that what concerns you?
Is it the Captain?
Is it the mercenary ship?
Is it the same Bridge?
Is it the same as you felt down there?
Is it time for the ceremony?
Is it time?
Is it true that he'll be retiring after this mission?
Is it true what our navigation sensors are telling us?
Is it true what they say about your birthmark?
Is it true you also have only a limited existence?
Is it true you got married?
Is it true, Captain, that there's a Tarellian ship headed for Haven?
Is it trying to communicate?
Is it valuable?
Is it wise to press him on this?
Is it working?
Is it worse than before?
Is it wrong for me to want to stay?
Is it you?
Is it your wish that this woman should die?
Is it yours?
Is jumped from behind by another crewman and disarmed.
Is less painful than the one you selected for me.
Is my mom around?
Is one of those things after my ship?
Is only to increase the potency of the felicium and tighten your grip!
Is our business with the J'naii finished?
Is our marriage over?
Is penetration possible?
Is precarious.
Is reactivated.
Is second-hand merchandise.
Is serving aboard the Enterprise as extraordinary an experience as I've heard?
Is she alive?
Is she all right in there?
Is she all right, sir?
Is she behind here?
Is she in favour of being here left here?
Is she serious?
Is she still in one piece?
Is she still underway?
Is she there?
Is someone ill?
Is someone there?
Is something doubled?
Is something important supposed to be happening here?
Is something over there, waiting for us?
Is something the matter, Lieutenant?
Is something the matter?
Is something wrong with her?
Is something wrong with the cake?
Is something wrong with the sensors?
Is something wrong with the way I look?
Is something wrong with your programming?
Is something wrong, Captain?
Is something wrong, Commander?
Is something wrong, Professor?
Is that Earth?
Is that Iconia?
Is that Melor Famagal I hear?
Is that Ro?
Is that a Draebidium froctus?
Is that a Starfleet regulation, or did you just make that up yourself?
Is that a conduit interface?
Is that a correct assumption in this instance?
Is that a criticism, Commander?
Is that a fact?
Is that a failing in humans?
Is that a failure?
Is that a game of some sort?
Is that a male perspective?
Is that a personal question or part of a murder investigation?
Is that a problem?
Is that a professional opinion?
Is that a regret I hear?
Is that a signal?
Is that a threat?
Is that a touch of grey in your beard?
Is that a weapon, Commander?
Is that a woman's voice I hear?
Is that a yes or a no?
Is that all necessary?
Is that all that is left in the Klingon heart?
Is that all this meant to you?
Is that all, Data?
Is that amusing?
Is that an accurate observation?
Is that an enemy vessel?
Is that an order?
Is that an uncomfortable subject for humans?
Is that another regret I hear?
Is that as fast as he can go?
Is that because you place more value on biological life than on artificial life?
Is that better, sweetheart?
Is that clear, Ensign?
Is that clear, Subcommander?
Is that correct, Holmes?
Is that enough to worry about?
Is that enough?
Is that everybody?
Is that feasible?
Is that going to be your only defence, Commander, that same tired rhetoric?
Is that good, Wesley?
Is that how he's manipulating Data?
Is that how you feel?
Is that how you felt when he left to live with your parents?
Is that how you interpret it?
Is that important?
Is that intended as a threat?
Is that like a fly on the wall?
Is that normal when one is transported, Captain?
Is that not Pardek?
Is that not a generous offer?
Is that not a part of the human experience?
Is that not a reference to an ancient Earth game?
Is that not easier?
Is that not exactly what we were doing.
Is that not the goal of every parent, sir?
Is that not the very definition of deduction?
Is that not the way Sherlock Holmes worked?
Is that not the way of an advanced society?
Is that not what I said?
Is that okay?
Is that possible!
Is that possible, Geordi?
Is that really the lesson you want us to learn?
Is that satisfactory?
Is that so.
Is that some kind of a joke?
Is that someone I should know of?
Is that supposed to be a question?
Is that supposed to be funny?
Is that supposed to make me think it was depressed and suicidal?
Is that the act of a brother?
Is that the best you can do?
Is that the civilised word for murder on this world?
Is that the colgonite astringent you have on your eyes?
Is that the only reason?
Is that the other choice?
Is that the purpose of existence?
Is that true, La Forge?
Is that vanity?
Is that what I heard them call you?
Is that what awaits you on Daled Four?
Is that what happened here?
Is that what he says?
Is that what is known as a poker face?
Is that what made the Aldeans sterile?
Is that what they are?
Is that what this is about?
Is that what this is all about?
Is that what those are?
Is that what you are saying?
Is that what you believe?
Is that what you oppose, Gowron?
Is that what you see here?
Is that what you think I've been doing?
Is that what you want, Jean-Luc?
Is that what you wanted?
Is that what you're doing here?
Is that what you've decided to do?
Is that what's behind the attack on my people?
Is that when they hit you with pain sticks?
Is that where you heard it?
Is that why Romulans were being transported to the Enterprise?
Is that why we keep shaking?
Is that why you killed the Engineer?
Is that why you wanted to see me, about my bar bill?
Is that why you're draining our shields?
Is that why you're here with me tonight?
Is that why you're here?
Is that why you're late?
Is that wise?
Is that you, Picard?
Is that your card?
Is that your conclusion, Mister Picard.
Is that your duty?
Is that your name now?
Is that your task?
Is that?
Is the Enterprise at risk?
Is the Federation going to enter the war?
Is the Romulan still alive?
Is the Trill host here?
Is the boy in any danger from you at this moment?
Is the boy in any danger?
Is the boy ready, Number One?
Is the buffer field generator installed?
Is the definition of life cogito ergo sum?
Is the deflector ready?
Is the food all right, Commander?
Is the interface between the computer and the array still in operation?
Is the love of a woman worth the destruction of an entire species?
Is the planet's distortion field re-phasing sooner than we predicted?
Is the probe ready for launch?
Is the sample organic?
Is the shuttle still there?
Is the son of Mogh really so easily discouraged?
Is the stimulation preventing the infection from taking hold?
Is the transport still under attack?
Is the viewer ready?
Is the whole ship deaf?!
Is their power transfer beam still at full intensity?
Is there a John Luck Pickard here?
Is there a colour change?
Is there a fuel containment leak?
Is there a malfunction of any kind?
Is there a malfunction?
Is there a new Lieutenant on board?
Is there a pattern?
Is there a personal log for Lieutenant Worf?
Is there a physiological cause?
Is there a possibility that you did?
Is there a possibility the wound could be self-inflicted?
Is there a possible connection?
Is there a problem here, gentlemen?
Is there a problem here?
Is there a problem with delta shift, Will?
Is there a problem with the engines?
Is there a problem, Ambassador?
Is there a problem, Commander?
Is there a problem, Geordi?
Is there a problem, Professor?
Is there a problem, sir?
Is there a real Major Rakal?
Is there a solution?
Is there a treatment?
Is there a waiter in this sorry place?
Is there a way to locate those coordinates?
Is there a way to open the cell door?
Is there a way to trace this?
Is there a way to transfer the microfusion thrusters so I can get a power boost?
Is there a way we could block their signals?
Is there a way?
Is there a witness to this transgression?
Is there an intelligence causing this interference?
Is there an option?
Is there any chance I can get the crew's medical files?
Is there any chance of your freeing Palmer and transporting up unseen?
Is there any chance that whatever did it is loose on my ship?
Is there any change in the anomaly?
Is there any connection between that structure and the ship fragment we found?
Is there any danger to the ship?
Is there any evidence at all that they're sentient?
Is there any evidence of secondary power surges?
Is there any evidence to support this?
Is there any explanation why they would make such a blatantly aggressive move?
Is there any indication of a more conciliatory attitude on their part?
Is there any indication of a weakness in a specific part of the field?
Is there any indication of temporal displacement?
Is there any indication that Gosheven has changed his position?
Is there any indication that the sphere is inhabited?
Is there any indication that this is the work of an unknown intelligence?
Is there any indication what caused this hallucination?
Is there any known instance of Romulans using E-band communications?
Is there any list of the ship's senior officers?
Is there any other choice?
Is there any other reason for opening the valve?
Is there any other way around?
Is there any possibility of anything closer?
Is there any possibility she could survive?
Is there any possible connection with Mister Crusher's experiment?
Is there any reason for not believing this Nagilum?
Is there any reason she shouldn't feel welcome here?
Is there any reason why it shouldn't be?
Is there any special arrangement you would like for the body?
Is there any treatment you can give him?
Is there any trouble here?
Is there any truth in what he's saying?
Is there any way that we can affect these organisms?
Is there any way that we can disconnect him?
Is there any way that we can persuade them to give back control of the ship?
Is there any way that we can scan the interior?
Is there any way to detect their self-destruct device?
Is there any way to get through to them?
Is there any way to see what's on this?
Is there any way we can keep Bok from beaming aboard the Enterprise again?
Is there any way we can moderate the power transfer?
Is there any way we can protect him?
Is there any word yet on the missing fragment?
Is there anyone on Romulus he might know, or choose to contact?
Is there anything I can do to make you more comfortable?
Is there anything else we can do, Doctor?
Is there anything else you remember besides a table?
Is there anything else you require?
Is there anything else, Counsellor?
Is there anything in the history books, Data, that could give us a clue?
Is there anything inside the cup?
Is there anything like this on record?
Is there anything specific you wish to report, or that we should be aware of?
Is there anything that you can add to the official account?
Is there anything unusual happening?
Is there anything unusual in the vicinity, Mister Data?
Is there anything we can do here to adapt to our current defence systems?
Is there anything we can do to help?
Is there anything we can do to stop it?
Is there anything we can do?
Is there anything you can do?
Is there anything you require to make your stay a more pleasant one?
Is there anything you want in exchange for my boy?
Is there anything you want us to send you from home?
Is there anything you'd like to say before we begin, Number One?
Is there be a trial or shall I execute him?
Is there evidence of a hull breach?
Is there no hope for Brevelle or Mendez?
Is there no room for the likes of me?
Is there nothing in your heart but duty?
Is there nothing of Data in what I'm hearing?
Is there nothing that will cure this infection?
Is there nothing you can do?
Is there only anger and bloodlust in your souls?
Is there pain?
Is there some kind of problem here?
Is there some medical problem we should know about?
Is there some reason they should not be told?
Is there some reason we shouldn't be?
Is there some way of stretching out the formalities once they arrive?
Is there someone in particular that you're talking about?
Is there someone in particular you would rather I not be involved with?
Is there something I can do for you, Captain?
Is there something I can do for you?
Is there something else you require of me, Captain?
Is there something else, sir?
Is there something more, Number One?
Is there something occupying your thoughts, Jenna?
Is there something on your mind?
Is there something we can do to help?
Is there something wrong with that count, Doctor?
Is there something wrong with that one?
Is there something wrong with them?
Is there something wrong, Captain?
Is there something wrong, Doctor?
Is there something wrong, Wes?
Is there something you're not telling me?
Is there to be nothing more?
Is this Ambassador Odan?
Is this Bok?
Is this Tagus Three?
Is this a dream?
Is this a female?
Is this a joke?
Is this a personal matter?
Is this a plea for leniency?
Is this a test also?
Is this a two-way passage?
Is this all this boy does, Doctor?
Is this an attempt at embellishment?
Is this an official report, Lieutenant?
Is this brotherly concern?
Is this difficult for you, Data?
Is this for me?
Is this going to be a problem?
Is this how friends act?
Is this how the Iconians travelled?
Is this how you felt when you first saw me?
Is this how you handle all of your personnel problems?
Is this interfering with your work on the Peliar Zel problems?
Is this level sufficient?
Is this man implying that we put a lesser value on life than you do?
Is this part of the same pattern?
Is this part of your programme?
Is this part of your regular duties?
Is this poison?
Is this possible?
Is this really necessary?
Is this significant, sir?
Is this some pathetic attempt at trickery?
Is this some sort of bribe?
Is this still Sherlock Holmes?
Is this storm front going to interfere with the transport, Chief?
Is this the Captain Picard?
Is this the forty six?
Is this the man you saw?
Is this the one?
Is this to your satisfaction, Picard Captain?
Is this what he's looking for?
Is this what you've done to Counsellor Troi?
Is this what's causing our deja vu?
Is this what's keeping you from breaking?
Is this where Jean-Luc sits?
Is this woman involved with you in some illegal venture?
Is this your Father?
Is this your doing, Q?
Is this your final satisfaction?
Is this your first time in Paris?
Is this your mother?
Is this your ship?
Is this your way of asking me if I'm getting romantically involved with him?
Is this your way of maintaining superiority?
Is thus area secure?
Is to save Tin Man.
Is what the captain says true?
Is what you're thinking possible?
Is your away team ready?
Is your entire argument to be based on mere coincidence?
Is your ethical programme functioning?
Is your examination complete, Doctor?
Is your face dirty?
Is your navigational system functioning?
Is your painting representative of something?
Is your quarantine intact?
Is your son on the ship?
Is your view any better, Geordi?
Is?
Isabella doesn't like it very much.
Isabella isn't thirsty.
Isabella says she likes you.
Isabella would you like some too?
Isabella, how come I can see you?
Isabella, stop!
Isabella, why are you so serious lately?
Ishara Yar.
Ishara is Tasha's sister.
Ishara is willing to have the implant removed, sir.
Ishara will be our liaison.
Ishara!
Ishara, are you hurt?
Ishara?
Isn't Alexander supposed to be with you?
Isn't Barkon Four inhabited?
Isn't Lieutenant Worf scheduled to replace Ensign Torigan?
Isn't astonishing, though, how much clutter there is in a consciousness.
Isn't he thoughtful, James?
Isn't it a beautiful day for a picnic?
Isn't it amazing after all we went through?
Isn't it better to remember her like that?
Isn't it convenient that he arrived moments after you left?
Isn't it enough?
Isn't it great?!
Isn't it nicer here than at Ten Forward?
Isn't it possible that he was simply masking his feelings?
Isn't it possible the injuries were caused prior to his captivity?
Isn't it pretty clear that Reyga died from a plasma discharge?
Isn't it remarkable they happen to have exactly what you asked for?
Isn't it time to confront the Council?
Isn't it true one of your duties is to prepare those suspensions?
Isn't it true that you have access to the biological supplies in Sickbay?
Isn't it wonderful how things work out, Alexander?
Isn't she.
Isn't that Walker Keel's ship?
Isn't that a little like curing the disease by killing the patient?
Isn't that a little risky?
Isn't that becoming a race?
Isn't that exactly what we anticipated?
Isn't that gagh?
Isn't that just like a man!
Isn't that my speech, Number One?
Isn't that rather a sentimental attitude about androids?
Isn't that right, Captain?
Isn't that risky?
Isn't that so?
Isn't that supposed to be beauty?
Isn't that the point?
Isn't that true, Fento?
Isn't that true?
Isn't that what I ordered?
Isn't that what all of you mind control experts do?
Isn't that what makes America great?
Isn't that what marriage is about?
Isn't that what seventeen's supposed to be?
Isn't that what they say?
Isn't that what you do, Counsellor?
Isn't that what you would have done?
Isn't that where the group of North American Indians settled?
Isn't the area secured?
Isn't the most important thing the hostage's lives?
Isn't there someplace you want to go?
Isn't there something else you have to do?
Isn't there something more we can do here to seal the rupture somehow?
Isn't there something you can do to counteract it?
Isn't there?
Isn't this impossible, sir?
Isn't this simply beautiful?
Isocortical functions are stabilising.
Isolate myself.
Isolate one and magnify.
Isolate phasers eighty to one twenty.
Isolate the bandwidth.
Isolate the probe and place it in tow.
Isolating frequency.
Isolation protocol.
Isolationists.
Issue orders to begin work on a way to penetrate this field.
It actually pleases me to hear you say that.
It adjusted to my tactics.
It affects the body, not the mind.
It ain't a question of need, darling.
It ain't bad.
It all looks so normal.
It all seemed so real to me.
It all started when those scientists came on board.
It allows me to see.
It allows us to end our lives with dignity.
It almost did.
It almost seems cruel.
It also might mean they're shape shifters of some kind.
It alters the genetic make-up of normal humans.
It always does.
It always has.
It always is, my love.
It always will.
It amused me.
It appeared to be a ship, but then it vanished.
It appears Counsellor was correct.
It appears Ensign Tyler still has a crush on you.
It appears Kevin and Rishon were not destroyed.
It appears he has us both.
It appears he may have achieved some measure of success.
It appears he rigged a site-to-site transport.
It appears human.
It appears it be a Cardassian supply ship.
It appears it is preparing to fire at the planet, Captain.
It appears so.
It appears someone has redirected its imaging systems.
It appears that he's involved with one of the rival factions.
It appears that the tectonic shifts created a breach.
It appears that we can move objects in this time frame.
It appears that we have neutralised their vessel.
It appears that we will be required to ignite the midnight petroleum, sir.
It appears that you have detained two of our officers.
It appears that your hypothesis was correct, Geordi.
It appears the Array was reprogrammed to observe several Federation sites.
It appears the Ferengi have us right where they want us.
It appears the microbrain has successfully interfaced with our computers.
It appears the plasmonic reactions are continuing to interfere with our sensors.
It appears the station is experiencing a system wide power failure.
It appears there's going to be a double execution.
It appears they're trying their best.
It appears to be a cosmic string fragment.
It appears to be a focal point of some kind.
It appears to be a freighter, Commander.
It appears to be a highly focused aperture in the space-time continuum.
It appears to be a malfunction in the guidance system.
It appears to be a neutrino emission with no visible source.
It appears to be a quantum fissure in the space-time continuum.
It appears to be a scanner.
It appears to be a smaller, less developed version of the original creature.
It appears to be a steam locomotive.
It appears to be a symptom of cascade failure.
It appears to be an energy vortex of highly complex patterns.
It appears to be an escape pod.
It appears to be an information module.
It appears to be an unmanned probe approximately one half metre in diameter.
It appears to be approximately two hundred million kilometres in diameter.
It appears to be beyond their technology.
It appears to be buried under a lot of debris.
It appears to be coming from an adjacent sector.
It appears to be coming from deck ten.
It appears to be composed of spatially inverted tetryon particles.
It appears to be concentrated within Felisa Howard's coffin.
It appears to be dead.
It appears to be encased in an energy absorbing material.
It appears to be following us, sir.
It appears to be human DNA.
It appears to be humanoid.
It appears to be intact, but it is now within the rift.
It appears to be interfering with our engines, Captain.
It appears to be moving slowly.
It appears to be moving toward us, closing slowly.
It appears to be protecting itself.
It appears to be quite suitable, Doctor.
It appears to be random.
It appears to be successful.
It appears to be the beginnings of a spatial rupture.
It appears to be the remains of a ship.
It appears to be the same effect that you described in us.
It appears to be under attack by several small ships.
It appears to be what Rabal and Serova predicted, a subspace rift.
It appears to employ plasma inputs.
It appears to extend to the cellular level.
It appears to have been lying in the sun for quite some time.
It appears to include all the components in your body.
It appears we are being probed, sir.
It appears we may have encountered a new life form.
It appears we will be able to transport to the surface sooner than anticipated.
It appears we will have some time before reaching Braslota.
It appears you've inherited someone else's problem.
It appears, then disappears, then reappears.
It bears the crest of your house.
It belonged to my father.
It belongs to Fajo.
It belongs to the Pakleds, but those fools don't even know it's there.
It belongs to us.
It better be.
It bleeds warp engine commands off into dead ends.
It breaks down into bilenium and tarrisite.
It breaks my heart to look at him.
It breaks my heart.
It broke.
It calls itself Gomtuu.
It came down over my legs.
It came from nowhere, sir!
It came from us.
It came out of nowhere.
It came out of the blue, and it doesn't fit into your logical processors.
It can be a very pleasurable experience.
It can be done.
It can be.
It can get lonely in San Francisco.
It can happen to anyone.
It can only be the Horatio.
It can't be activated and deactivated simply.
It can't be diminished.
It can't be disengaged.
It can't be done by touch.
It can't break through this.
It can't demonstrate its abilities unless we let it leave the nest.
It can't easily be given by another.
It can't handle the interface of your power converter.
It can't hide from me forever.
It can't hurt you to listen, can it?
It can't last much longer.
It can't regulate itself.
It cannot be changed through any known process.
It cannot be delayed.
It cannot be disengaged, sir.
It cannot be easy to keep our ways.
It cannot be ignored.
It cannot exist in real space or time.
It cannot wait until tomorrow.
It caught me by surprise too.
It caused the security lockouts to freeze right up.
It causes them pain.
It certainly came as no surprise to me.
It certainly is a good match for Data, sir.
It certainly is the last place one would expect Romulan encroachment.
It certainly will.
It changes colour with the mood of its owner.
It changes the structure of matter.
It claims to be an escort vessel from the Beta moon.
It comes down to this, Captain.
It comes down to this.
It comes from the time of the Koinonian Wars, sir.
It concerns my poetry reading.
It concerns your future.
It confuses them, frightens them.
It connected them.
It consumes fuel to produce energy, it grows, it creates offspring.
It contains much more than just emotions.
It correlates with the debris we found.
It could all be part of the illusion.
It could also lead to excess prion production.
It could be Morag.
It could be Pardek.
It could be a deflector shield.
It could be a distress call.
It could be a long time.
It could be a malfunction in the ship's warp field generator.
It could be a trick.
It could be a weapon.
It could be a while before we hear from them.
It could be an attempt to access our computer system.
It could be an electrical storm.
It could be an entrance.
It could be an important step toward peace, sir.
It could be atmospheric.
It could be done without any one knowing about it.
It could be genetic or environmental.
It could be my last opportunity to study replicative fading.
It could be one of any thirty subsystems.
It could be one of those ships that was orbiting Dytallix.
It could be poison.
It could be risky.
It could be something personal.
It could be that the prospect of ending the pain felt like a great relief.
It could be that whatever caused this situation also affected Data.
It could be the warp core of the Pegasus.
It could be very useful.
It could be worse.
It could collapse at any time.
It could come back.
It could even be in the air itself.
It could force her to respond.
It could go supernova in the next few days.
It could have affected him more profoundly than we realise.
It could have affected the soil readings.
It could have been a lot worse.
It could have been damaged by the explosion.
It could have been hidden anywhere in that room.
It could have been your timing.
It could have prepared him for whatever is happening now.
It could indicate the course of the Borg ship, sir.
It could just be interference, but I'd like to be sure.
It could no longer support life.
It could not have been an easy choice.
It could not succeed.
It could prove to be a scientific triumph, or a catastrophe.
It could provide us with valuable information about what's troubling him.
It could reappear at any moment.
It could repair the barrier and collapse the anomaly.
It could return.
It could still contain organic material.
It could take years for anything to grow again.
It could work.
It could, but I.
It couldn't be helped.
It couldn't have been.
It couldn't have caused this.
It couldn't have travelled outside the system.
It cycles every five point five minutes.
It deals with high energy plasma reactions with anti-matter.
It defines who we are as a people.
It demands a great deal of my concentration.
It depends how they get along.
It depends on how you feel.
It depends on what kind of a guy he is.
It depicts something that feels familiar, sir.
It did exactly what I thought.
It did happen.
It did not appear to be in any distress.
It did not register on the tricorder.
It did not shoot.
It did not.
It didn't finish sealing the plasma conduit.
It didn't happen that way.
It didn't help.
It didn't hurt us before, it won't hurt us now.
It didn't save them.
It didn't seem necessary.
It didn't seem to bother you to remain silent yesterday.
It didn't spare everyone, Doctor.
It didn't work.
It does appear to be Federation issue.
It does appear unlikely you will ever be allowed to return to your planet.
It does if it kills you.
It does kind of suit you.
It does know how to do these things, doesn't it?
It does look as if it were partly transparent.
It does not appear in any Federation charts of the Corridor.
It does not appear so.
It does not appear to be affected.
It does not appear to be attacking the outpost, sir.
It does not appear to have a skeletal framework or musculature.
It does not bother me.
It does not carry a specific message.
It does not conform to any known design.
It does not have any proteins which are known to us.
It does not have to come for many turns.
It does not matter that we will never reach our ultimate goal.
It does not matter what happens to us.
It does not matter, Gowron.
It does not matter.
It does not sing for me.
It does not, unfortunately.
It does now.
It does remain to be seen if the Romulans will accept us.
It does seem dormant, Captain.
It does sound like a joke.
It does suggest an interesting question.
It does to me.
It does what we ask it.
It does?
It doesn't add up.
It doesn't appear to be, Data.
It doesn't exist in her world.
It doesn't exist.
It doesn't feel artificial until the drug wears off.
It doesn't look like any blast point I've ever seen.
It doesn't look like they were interested in the station, just the people.
It doesn't look natural.
It doesn't make any difference, Jason.
It doesn't make sense that he's the only one.
It doesn't match any bacterial strains on record.
It doesn't matter how far away it is, everybody looks anyway.
It doesn't matter how long ago it was, Ensign.
It doesn't matter so as long as you enjoy it.
It doesn't matter what I look like.
It doesn't matter what you do now.
It doesn't matter whether he likes you as long as he respects you.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't really match the outfit.
It doesn't really matter now.
It doesn't say here what he was arrested for.
It doesn't seem particularly sentient right now.
It doesn't sound like you care for that option.
It doesn't sound very appealing.
It doesn't take that much expertise to repair a servo link.
It doesn't understand anything other than what it's peddling.
It doesn't, but it makes you think it does.
It embodies their emotional states, their very thought processes.
It enables me to see.
It ended a feud that had lasted for two hundred years.
It enhances the quality of our lives.
It enveloped us.
It even has family quarters.
It excites me.
It feels like, quite wonderful.
It felt as if it were something from your past.
It felt like we hit something.
It finally died from excessive cephalic pressures.
It fits their historical pattern.
It fits.
It forces us to keep improving.
It frees us from all burden.
It frequently goes with the career profile.
It generates enough energy to interfere with the surrounding systems.
It generates significant magnetoscopic interference.
It gets better.
It gets rather hot out on this plain.
It gets you right here, doesn't it?
It gives them the opportunity to beam things quickly, just by firing at them.
It gives us some time to consider our options.
It gives you strength.
It goes deeper than that.
It goes far beyond friendship.
It goes like this.
It going to take about half an hour for the transmission to be completed.
It got me fired.
It graphically demonstrates what happened when that Captain offended them.
It grows as it travels backwards in time.
It had a black handle and a serrated blade, and it was quite long.
It had been destroyed.
It had no meaning.
It had occurred to me.
It had the same effect on his crew.
It had to get rid of me.
It had worked!
It happened again.
It happened just a few moments ago, in my arms.
It happened several years ago and it's well behind both of us now.
It happened three times, Will.
It happened when I reached for the bowl of fruit.
It happens to all of us, Wes.
It happens to all of us.
It happens to me.
It happens when it happens.
It hardly sounds like Q to give us an advantage like that.
It has a chance.
It has a follicle, sir.
It has a nice ring to it.
It has a sharp edge where it's chipped.
It has a very low mortality rate.
It has all armament locked on us and ready to fire.
It has always been this way.
It has appeared before.
It has become a serious concern for the Romulan leadership.
It has become clear that everyone aboard the Enterprise has lost an entire day.
It has been a difficult day.
It has been a few years.
It has been a long time.
It has been a pleasure.
It has been a thousand years.
It has been accomplished before.
It has been brought to my attention that you have been told to remain in here.
It has been charted only from long range scans.
It has been days since Ishara left, and yet my thoughts seem to dwell on her.
It has been fifteen centuries since he made that promise, and still we wait.
It has been hard on you.
It has been in our family for ten generations.
It has been my life.
It has been over a week since Lieutenant Ro left the Enterprise.
It has been over an hour since we heard the Entity, sir.
It has been quite a day, has it not?
It has been six weeks since our entrance into the Selcundi Drema sector.
It has been so long since I have tasted any food or drink.
It has been ten days, Koroth.
It has been three days since the Aldeans pushed us away.
It has been too long, my brother.
It has been unaffected by the virus.
It has committed many crimes against us.
It has complete control over all brain functions.
It has declared a state of war and we are on the defensive.
It has disappeared again, sir.
It has disappeared once again, sir.
It has eluded you for many weeks.
It has engaged the Borg at Wolf three fifty nine, sir.
It has everything to do with Lutan.
It has forced us to make some minor changes.
It has gone too far.
It has height, width.
It has limited defensive capabilities.
It has memories.
It has moved.
It has never been easy for me having Alexander on board.
It has no life.
It has no weapon to destroy, no body to kill.
It has not been decided.
It has not been easy.
It has nothing to do with my repairs.
It has positioned itself outside the weapons range of the opposing ship.
It has prepared us for all possible courses of action.
It has refused any attempt at communication.
It has restrictions.
It has something to do with Counsellor Troi.
It has taken us two centuries to find this place.
It has the ability to learn and understand, and to cope with new situations.
It has the gravitational force of a hundred stars.
It has to be Palmer!
It has to be broken in, used, cared for.
It has to be harder to beat the bad guys.
It has to be monitored.
It has to be right the first time.
It has to be something more, more constructive.
It has to do with Mister Data's engine, doesn't it?
It has to do with their death rituals.
It has troubled you?
It has your touch.
It hasn't been performed at the Academy team in over a hundred years.
It hasn't seen another of its kind for millennia.
It helps me make sounds.
It hit with more impact.
It hones the skills of the hunt.
It honours the act of love being celebrated.
It honours the memory of our mothers.
It hurts like hell.
It hurts my eyes.
It hurts?
It impedes positron flow.
It implants a small boridium pellet under the skin.
It includes kindness.
It incorporates the code prefix of Romulan intelligence.
It increases exponentially the closer in we go.
It indicates a genetically engineered biological life form.
It invites rumour and speculation.
It is 'Stars and Stripes Forever'.
It is Admiral Brand.
It is Alexander we should be considering.
It is Ambassador Class heavy cruiser, USS Horatio.
It is Captain Picard himself who has somehow managed to initiate contact.
It is Captain Picard speaking, not Locutus.
It is Cargo bay four.
It is Class M, but shows no indications of life forms, sentient or otherwise.
It is Kahless.
It is Romulan, sir.
It is Romulan.
It is Serova.
It is Vacca Six in the Cabral sector.
It is Worf, Madam.
It is a Benzite regulation.
It is a Code Forty Seven, sir.
It is a Ferengi transport ship, D'Kora class.
It is a Klingon matter.
It is a Yridian freighter.
It is a beard, Geordi.
It is a belief which I still hold.
It is a buffer between the Romulan Empire and the Federation.
It is a cast of Alexander's forehead.
It is a complaint from your Cardassian neighbours.
It is a dangerous journey.
It is a difficult skill to master.
It is a disruptor.
It is a fair exchange.
It is a fantastic story.
It is a forbidden device.
It is a forcefield of some kind.
It is a formidable responsibility.
It is a freighter, very old.
It is a futile struggle.
It is a generous offer.
It is a gift from us.
It is a good day to die, Duras, and the day is not yet over.
It is a good day to die.
It is a harmless lambda field generator.
It is a human physiological response to humour.
It is a joke.
It is a kut'luch.
It is a lie.
It is a life form and it has intelligence.
It is a likely hypothesis.
It is a limitation we must learn to accept, Lal.
It is a long story.
It is a low priority system and may be accessible.
It is a magnifying device based on your hand-held instrument.
It is a matter of faith.
It is a matter of honour and loyalty to your oath.
It is a matter of perspective, Doctor.
It is a matter of record, Portal.
It is a matter of survival.
It is a message to travellers.
It is a misconception that all Rategs speak with a particular inflection.
It is a most lethal weapon.
It is a most unusual phenomenon.
It is a mystery, Captain.
It is a natural result of physiostasis.
It is a necessary step.
It is a past we're ashamed of.
It is a perfectly normal thing to be doing, isn't it?
It is a philosophy, and a very correct one.
It is a piece of history.
It is a pleasure to meet such a unique individual.
It is a possibility, Captain.
It is a possibility, sir.
It is a powerful vision you have had, Divok.
It is a priority one message.
It is a question of what is best for the boy.
It is a reasonable explanation to your query, sir.
It is a recorded message, sir.
It is a recreation of the studio I had my first dance lesson in.
It is a relationship which goes back for centuries.
It is a remarkable opportunity.
It is a reminder of friendship and service.
It is a risk I am willing to take.
It is a ruse.
It is a secret known only to Klingons.
It is a self-induced catatonic state.
It is a serious commitment.
It is a ship of exploration.
It is a short sequence of numbers.
It is a simulation.
It is a skill my programme has never mastered.
It is a solar flare, Captain.
It is a stalemate.
It is a subject forever alien to you.
It is a symbolic gesture of affection.
It is a tactical delay.
It is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
It is a test of bravery, of one's ability to look at the face of mortality.
It is a time to celebrate, for tomorrow we all may die!
It is a tool.
It is a treaty.
It is a very ancient Klingon ritual.
It is a vessel of some sort.
It is a virtual impossibility, sir.
It is a void without matter or energy of any kind.
It is a waste of time to think of such things.
It is a wondrous sight.
It is a word I have chosen.
It is a young female, humanoid.
It is about the battle I mentioned, Captain.
It is about your father, Mogh.
It is acceptable.
It is against their nature to do so, Captain.
It is all a question of probabilities.
It is all becoming clear to me now.
It is all right.
It is already too late.
It is also a fact that these incidents began shortly after your arrival.
It is also a reminder that death is an experience best shared, like the tea.
It is also irrelevant.
It is among the Klingons that love poetry achieves its fullest flower.
It is an absolute.
It is an accepted custom that we wear clothing.
It is an alcohol substitute now being served aboard starships.
It is an ambassadorial function.
It is an ancient weapon design of incredible power.
It is an attempt at pure creativity.
It is an automated signal, sir.
It is an essential part of what makes us what we are.
It is an honour to meet you.
It is an interesting hypothesis.
It is an invention, albeit an extraordinary one.
It is an obscenity.
It is an offence to everything I hold dear.
It is an old argument.
It is an omen.
It is an unknown, Captain.
It is an unmapped system of six planets, sir.
It is another probe.
It is apparent that my reach has exceeded my grasp in this particular area.
It is approaching Captain Picard's position.
It is approaching the Enterprise.
It is artificial.
It is as if all three originated from the Enterprise.
It is as if he originates from a different quantum universe.
It is as though you never existed.
It is as you see it.
It is assuming an orbit around Rana Four.
It is asynchronous with normal matter.
It is at the heart of our nature to feel pain and joy.
It is bearing zero two zero, mark three two nine.
It is beautiful.
It is becoming easier.
It is being stored in shuttlebay two.
It is beyond my power.
It is blocking all our sensors.
It is breaking up.
It is built into my positronic decompiler.
It is called jat'yIn, the taking of the living by the dead.
It is capable of supporting life.
It is cellular peptide cake with mint frosting.
It is cellular peptide cake.
It is certainly not consistent with his android persona.
It is clear that I need guidance to resolve this situation.
It is clear you did not speak to her.
It is clearly not a class M planet.
It is clearly some kind of processing centre.
It is coded Priority One.
It is collapsing.
It is coming about.
It is coming from a point in the northern hemisphere.
It is coming from sector nine five six nine.
It is coming from the cemetery.
It is composed of reptilian DNA.
It is composed primarily of fortanium and several unknown materials.
It is computer.
It is conceivable that he was viewing a synthetically generated image, sir.
It is conceivable that with each new generation they enhance their own design.
It is conceivable there is a symbiotic relationship involved.
It is conceivable, sir.
It is conceivable.
It is confirmed.
It is consistent with what we know about the new Lysian weapon.
It is creating a severe bias in the subspace continuum.
It is curious that I was so easily misled.
It is currently the only one in service.
It is deadly to humans.
It is definitely debris.
It is definitely like alcohol intoxication.
It is definitely the same radiation that penetrated deck thirty nine.
It is designed so that each approach they take will spawn an anomalous solution.
It is designed to smooth relations between peoples.
It is different.
It is difficult to accept these as random actions by machines with loose screws.
It is difficult to know which is which.
It is difficult to localize.
It is difficult to say.
It is difficult, brightening the sky forever.
It is done, and perhaps just as well.
It is drifting.
It is emitting an unusual signal.
It is emitting low intensity subspace signals.
It is empirical data.
It is enough that he says to do a thing and they will do it.
It is entirely possible that we accidently sealed you in.
It is essential that we begin a discussion of the wedding procedures now.
It is exactly as they left it, Number One.
It is expanding toward us, sir.
It is experiencing severe bursts of radiation and matter expulsions.
It is extraordinarily rare to find a figurine intact.
It is fascinating, Captain.
It is feeding.
It is final.
It is flesh and bone.
It is for a mission that could have repercussions throughout the quadrant.
It is for her that I am here.
It is for the greater good.
It is for your own safety.
It is fortunate we were able to coordinate your return on the Teldarian cruiser.
It is from the Shelia star system.
It is from the warbird.
It is given to a daughter who has come of age, old enough to take a mate.
It is going to be okay.
It is gold.
It is gone, sir.
It is good to see you both.
It is good to see you, too, sir.
It is growing in intensity, sir.
It is hard to believe in what one cannot see.
It is hard to believe that even he would refuse to help you.
It is hard to explain.
It is hard to find.
It is hardly likely that they would try to hold us at bay with a knife.
It is heading away from the colony.
It is heading toward us.
It is heavily armored with an exoskeleton.
It is here, at this doorway.
It is highly unstable.
It is his signal.
It is hoped she will unite the factions and bring peace.
It is how we act on them that makes them good or bad.
It is humanity he is fleeing.
It is identical to the signal coming from the moon's surface.
It is identical to what happened to the outposts along the Neutral Zone.
It is if it involves Okona.
It is if you wish me to release him to you.
It is impacted on the surface of the sphere.
It is imperative that I regain navigational control.
It is imperative that we do not.
It is imperative that we remain.
It is imperative that you turn the shuttle.
It is important for a warrior to learn how to interpret them properly.
It is important that we set this up properly.
It is important that you trust us.
It is impossible for me to resist you.
It is impossible to obtain a positive lock on the bulkheads.
It is impossible to tell from a visual inspection.
It is improbable, but it is possible.
It is in Federation space and heading toward us.
It is in direct physical contact with our shields.
It is in the interests of both the Federation and the Empire.
It is in the nearby Mira system.
It is inappropriate for a Klingon to receive family while on duty.
It is inappropriate for you to lead the away team.
It is indeed laid out as a vessel with what appear to be corridors and chambers.
It is inevitable.
It is irrelevant.
It is just that for a moment, the expression on your face reminded me of her.
It is kind of unusual, recreating people you already know.
It is large.
It is likely the asteroids provide sustenance for this lifeform, sir.
It is likely they have constructed their ship with the same philosophy.
It is localised, but very intense.
It is located in the Cabral sector.
It is logged in his own voice, sir.
It is matching our velocity.
It is more likely that this is an attempt at deception.
It is more than we could have hoped for.
It is more.
It is most puzzling.
It is most unfortunate.
It is moving directly toward the ship.
It is moving off.
It is moving toward us.
It is much less Spartan, is it not?
It is my body now.
It is my choice to respect the ancient rituals.
It is my decision.
It is my duty to keep the Captain from danger, sir.
It is my duty to protect you from danger.
It is my duty to stop it.
It is my hand.
It is my name.
It is my pleasure to meet you, sir.
It is my responsibility to clear his name or answer for his crimes.
It is my responsibility to protect the lives of Federation citizens.
It is my responsibility.
It is my right.
It is my sole purpose in life.
It is my sworn duty to protect you.
It is my time, Lwaxana, and that is the way it is.
It is necessary to facilitate the system upgrade.
It is necessary.
It is new to me as well.
It is new to me.
It is no concern of Starfleet.
It is no longer a matter of how wrong Data was, or why he did it.
It is no longer a question of stopping it, sir.
It is no longer an inconvenient, childish prank.
It is no longer my decision, Captain.
It is normal?
It is normally occupied by Captain Picard, Commander Riker, and Counsellor Troi.
It is not a child.
It is not a design flaw.
It is not a disgrace to request our assistance.
It is not a dream.
It is not a lie.
It is not a question of what I want.
It is not a sensor malfunction.
It is not a time to mourn.
It is not a time to worry about stabilisers.
It is not accepting your commands.
It is not an empirical matter.
It is not an image I saw during my vision.
It is not as hard as you think.
It is not at all the same, android.
It is not broken.
It is not by choice.
It is not consistent with what we know of them, sir.
It is not detectable by our scans.
It is not easy for me.
It is not enough evidence to justify mutiny.
It is not evil.
It is not for you to set the standards by which we should be judged.
It is not important for you to know.
It is not indigenous to Betazed, but to Lappa Four.
It is not just a matter of control, Doctor.
It is not logical for the Proconsul to support reunification at this time.
It is not merely a vessel, sir.
It is not music.
It is not my intention to interfere.
It is not our policy to intervene in the affairs of other cultures.
It is not personal, sir.
It is not possible for me to be injured in that fashion.
It is not possible to generate a field of that magnitude from the runabout.
It is not possible.
It is not reversible, sir.
It is not seemly to question one's own DaiMon, Riker.
It is not something I enjoy contemplating.
It is not something I expect you to understand.
It is not that.
It is not the ship of a warrior, not the ship of a Klingon.
It is not time yet.
It is not unnatural.
It is not wise to challenge the Tal Shiar, Commander.
It is not written in the sacred texts.
It is not yet complete.
It is not your concern.
It is not!
It is not?
It is nothing but a giant killing machine.
It is now a colony of single cells which organize as a computer.
It is now almost impossible to tell where Barclay ends and the computer begins.
It is now clear to me that I have failed in my duties as your father.
It is now six hours since our away team beamed down to the planet surface.
It is now twelve hours overdue.
It is now up to us to play along.
It is obvious that whatever we have met sees no value in our kind of life form.
It is of no importance.
It is of sufficient size and density to cause planetwide damage.
It is offensive to my people.
It is often the case that children learn languages more easily than adults.
It is on a secure channel, sir.
It is on an intercept course.
It is one of the most devastating weapons ever conceived.
It is only a thousand kilometres away now.
It is only an empty shell now.
It is only this.
It is opening fire.
It is our duty to make him happy again.
It is our duty to support him.
It is our highest law that we shall not interfere with other cultures.
It is our home.
It is our mission to seek out life in all forms.
It is our pleasure to be here, Captain.
It is our pleasure, Captain Picard.
It is our way!
It is our way.
It is out of their hands.
It is over eighty seven million years old.
It is over.
It is part of her training programme.
It is part of our job to retain an open mind, even under these circumstances.
It is part of our life cycle that we accept the death of those we love.
It is part of us.
It is perhaps not what we would understand as a vessel, sir.
It is perhaps the most difficult stage of her development.
It is possible he was the one who was absorbed.
It is possible she was an eyewitness to your father's activities on Khitomer.
It is possible that Geordi upset their timetable when he saw the hidden weapons.
It is possible that I have brought my argument with Sarek to you, Captain.
It is possible that information was recorded in our sensor logs, Commander.
It is possible that those are memories of my childhood.
It is possible they have been recaptured.
It is possible to reorient the crystal.
It is possible we could've caused the very anomaly we've been looking for.
It is possible, sir.
It is possibly Romulan.
It is precisely because I am not human.
It is probable our mortality failsafe has been overridden.
It is programmed to accept only authorised voice command.
It is projecting an energy field.
It is pronounced Data.
It is re-entering the system at high velocity and is approaching Rana Four.
It is reading incredible amounts of energy, sir.
It is really the key centre for successful terraforming.
It is really you.
It is reasonable, sir.
It is regrettable that you did not succeed.
It is regrettable, but the greater good must be served.
It is released.
It is reserved for those of us who achieve early in life.
It is said that the Overseer is all powerful.
It is saliva.
It is screeching, pounding, dissonance.
It is self-repeating, of unknown pattern.
It is sending a transmission.
It is set to kill.
It is showing a distinctive subspace signature as a result.
It is similar in technological development to mid-twentieth century Earth.
It is similar to our tractor beam, sir, only much more powerful.
It is similar to the phenomenon distorting our sensor signals.
It is similar to what was experienced on Earth in the twenty-first century.
It is slowing and is holding its position, Captain.
It is so alive and graceful.
It is so frustrating to be controlled like this!
It is so good to finally meet you.
It is so human of her.
It is so noted, sir.
It is still activated.
It is still my belief we are dealing with a new life form.
It is still my enemy.
It is still relatively primitive, but it is an intelligence nonetheless.
It is stretched so tight the tension fills this room.
It is strong.
It is subsiding, sir.
It is sufficient.
It is surprising to me.
It is taking too long.
It is tempting, eh, Number One?
It is the Batris, a general cargo vessel.
It is the Borg prisoner, and Commander Data.
It is the Borg.
It is the Enterprise, Commander.
It is the Klingon way.
It is the Pagh, sir.
It is the Pagh.
It is the Prytt Security Council.
It is the ancient Temple of Akadar.
It is the basic foundation of existence.
It is the best place for us to start.
It is the custom for your loved ones to join you at this Resolution, is it not?
It is the custom of my people when we are in distress.
It is the difference between knowledge and experience.
It is the differences that have made us strong.
It is the flashpoint of a warp core explosion.
It is the guiding principle upon which Starfleet is based.
It is the junior adjutant to the diplomatic delegation.
It is the least we can do.
It is the level of brain wave activity at which one dreams.
It is the most important one, and for me the only one that matters.
It is the mystery of Tagus Three that brings us together today.
It is the only known case involving an alien claimant.
It is the only obvious choice.
It is the only way.
It is the opinion of this officer they are not ready for membership.
It is the planet our probe detected in the T-tauri system.
It is the radiation of your own sun that is destroying you.
It is the rule of the Mek'ba that evidence be presented in open council.
It is the scent that first speaks of love.
It is the subspace distortion.
It is the time I have chosen.
It is the truth as each of you remembers it.
It is the tyrant Molor.
It is the vessel that attacked us earlier.
It is the way in which we propagate our species.
It is the way of my world.
It is the weaknesses in here a warrior must overcome.
It is this temple that bonds Krios and Valt, gentlemen.
It is time for the wedding rehearsal.
It is time for you to prepare for the ceremony.
It is time to leave.
It is time to sleep.
It is time to sweep away the old Council and put a new one in its place.
It is time you began to act like one.
It is time you stopped taking up valuable bed space.
It is time, Wesley.
It is to submit to you.
It is too dangerous.
It is too early to tell if the nano-cortical fibres performed their function.
It is too hot.
It is true, Doctor.
It is turning with us, sir.
It is two days away at maximum warp.
It is ultimately self-defeating as a means of control.
It is under attack.
It is under our control.
It is unfortunate it cannot be studied.
It is unfortunate that the Taguans no longer allow outsiders to visit the ruins.
It is uninhabited.
It is unlikely another photon torpedo will be of any effect.
It is unlikely that they would receive our communication, sir.
It is unlikely they will withstand another hit at that quarter.
It is unlikely they would intentionally move toward a destructive force.
It is unlikely you are prepared to discuss terms.
It is up to Starfleet to decide the consequences.
It is up to you to make the transition as easy as possible for the others.
It is urgent that I speak to her.
It is urgent that you respond.
It is urgent.
It is useless beyond one hundred metres.
It is very amusing.
It is very close three hundred thousand kilometres distant.
It is very delicious.
It is very difficult for me to depend on anyone for anything.
It is very difficult to say.
It is very expressive.
It is very good to see you both again.
It is very important for me to know that, sir.
It is very important that we find him.
It is very important you tell no one you saw me.
It is visible, Captain.
It is vital that no detail be overlooked.
It is vital that they understand our reasons for cancelling these negotiations.
It is water.
It is well patched, sir.
It is what is needed to penetrate the atmosphere.
It is what she is.
It is when we surrender our freedom, our dignity, instead of defying you.
It is why you had to leave.
It is wrong of you to force us.
It is wrong!
It is you who are imaginary characters derived from a work of fiction.
It is you who are not real, sir.
It is you.
It is your child.
It is your conduct that is uncivilised.
It is your decision but
It is your dinner hour.
It is your dishonour we are protecting here, isn't it, Duras?
It is your duty.
It is your task to help them understand.
It is your time to rest.
It is yours.
It is, Number One.
It is, ain't it?
It is, and you'll observe it.
It is, for us, an ideal existence.
It is, in essence, an eruption of anti-time.
It is, only you're going to have to earn it.
It is, sir.
It is... it is, it is green.
It is?
It isn't as if we tried it and it didn't work, you know.
It isn't feeding off of her.
It isn't good to have closed door proceedings for too long.
It isn't murder.
It isn't really the train itself that I'm interested in.
It isn't specific.
It isn't that simple.
It isn't true anyway.
It isn't working out that way.
It isn't yet, but it will be.
It isn't?
It it felt like something beyond what we'd consider a life form.
It just didn't work out that way.
It just disappeared.
It just doesn't make sense, and I like things to make sense, that's all.
It just doesn't seem right using him this way.
It just don't feel right.
It just exploded, sir.
It just fizzled out.
It just got worse.
It just isn't that virulent.
It just keeps registers as a repeating energy pattern.
It just never really came up.
It just seems like you're not being completely honest with us.
It just seems so complicated now.
It just sort of rolled in on us, sir.
It just started and it won't stop.
It just suddenly became all right.
It just wasn't enough.
It just wasn't meant to be.
It just went to forty.
It keeps you from being afraid.
It killed Malencon.
It killed Tasha and it could have killed us, but it didn't.
It knocked you unconscious.
It lasted barely a moment.
It learns from each encounter, and improves itself.
It left nothing.
It lets me control precisely how much pain you feel.
It lifts out so you can get to it.
It looked like Korris was going to hold that little girl as a hostage.
It looked like they had some real food.
It looks as though it's been hit by a phaser blast.
It looks as though the entire power transfer grid has been destroyed.
It looks as though we may have found out how to locate Bok's ship.
It looks as though your arm has been severed and then reattached.
It looks great, it really does.
It looks great.
It looks harmless enough.
It looks if half the ship materialised inside solid rock.
It looks like I'm the pilot.
It looks like a containment deviation.
It looks like a great party.
It looks like an implant.
It looks like debris.
It looks like every one of their field coils has been overloaded.
It looks like he pushed molecular dispersion past the integrity point.
It looks like he's been attacked by some sort of animal.
It looks like he's trying to cut through the forcefield with a phaser.
It looks like it's back into that dress uniform, sir.
It looks like it's full of some bioacidic compound, almost like a venom sac.
It looks like some kind of doorway.
It looks like some of his positronic links have been severed.
It looks like someone has been playing with the environmental controls, sir.
It looks like the Enterprise has been damaged.
It looks like the area has stabilised, but seismic stress is building up.
It looks like the break-up began near the starboard bulkhead.
It looks like the navigational relay's overloaded.
It looks like the ship had already taken heavy damage.
It looks like there's still some difficulty with the phase selectors.
It looks like they found us initially by discovering my modified sensor signal.
It looks like they had some minor hull degradation along their warp nacelles.
It looks like they have massive casualties, but some are still alive.
It looks like they're keeping all the children on board the ship.
It looks like this is going to take a little bit longer than I anticipated.
It looks like this is going to work.
It looks like tritanium from the hull.
It looks like we still have impulse power but not much else.
It looks like we'll need a second field generator.
It looks like we're going to have to head into to the Argus Array.
It looks like we've blown the entire power converter, Captain.
It looks like we've got some sort of viral infection going on around here.
It looks like you have some work to do.
It looks more like a natural phenomenon.
It looks quite futuristic.
It looks something like this.
It looks to me like a spectrograph indicating metal fatigue.
It looks to me like they were trying to stop whatever was happening here.
It lost its cohesion as soon as the transporter cycle was complete.
It lowers our operating efficiency.
It made him look like a coward.
It made me feel like part of the family.
It makes me jealous.
It makes no sense.
It makes one wonder how our species survived the twenty-first century.
It makes very little sense to bet when you cannot win.
It matches Commander Worf's quantum signature precisely.
It matters to me.
It matters to us.
It mauled your arm.
It may also be partly responsible for his success in matters of love.
It may attack you now.
It may be a deception.
It may be a long time.
It may be an option.
It may be another lifeform superimposing its neural patterns on our people.
It may be connected to Doctor Quaice's disappearance.
It may be dangerous to take the ship in.
It may be difficult, sir.
It may be diluted, but it should still have enough potency to work.
It may be gone.
It may be more power than they can handle.
It may be necessary to remove these people by force.
It may be possible to establish an ODN bypass directly to the Bridge.
It may be possible, sir, but it would not be advisable.
It may be quite a while before the emissaries arrive.
It may be some time before she shows herself.
It may be that what you are looking for cannot be found here on the Enterprise.
It may be the last of its species.
It may be your only hope.
It may disengage the nodes without destroying them.
It may get better.
It may happen again.
It may have been an image.
It may have been better to accept sentence here.
It may in fact, be dangerous.
It may look like him and sound like him, but it isn't him.
It may make things difficult for you.
It may not be easy for you and I to see her that way, but he does.
It may not be possible to trace it.
It may not be what you're used to on a Starfleet ship.
It may not be wise but it is necessary.
It may not reflect the feelings of the others.
It may restore your memory as to what happened.
It may smother the reaction.
It may sound that way, but it is a time of transition.
It may turn out that the moral thing to do was not the right thing to do.
It may yet be possible to salvage the situation.
It means I was once as beautiful as I am smart.
It means almost certain death for you, Admiral.
It means fighter.
It means only the knowledge they had accumulated.
It means that I can't put this off any longer.
It means that the Proconsul has apparently been attempting to deceive me.
It means that you have achieved in disgrace what I have always aspired to be.
It means there is nothing I can do now.
It means they plan on keeping us here for a while.
It means to spy, to sneak.
It means we've completed half of what promises to be a very profitable mission.
It means wonder child.
It measures twelve times our volume, Captain.
It might be a good idea to run a diagnostic on him.
It might be a probe.
It might be acceptable as a compromise.
It might be due to problems currently being experienced by the Yamato.
It might be like a posthypnotic suggestion.
It might be profitable.
It might be real to Q, perhaps even you, sir.
It might be rewarding.
It might be something as simple as an allergic reaction to a bee sting.
It might be that, I don't know.
It might be the message we've been looking for.
It might be threatening to some people.
It might be viewed as an act of aggression.
It might be wise to put some distance between us before we initiate warp drive.
It might change his attitude.
It might create a resonance fluctuation in Data's power cells.
It might do more harm than leaving it there.
It might explain what you saw.
It might force whatever it is out of our people.
It might give a clue to the cause of this drought.
It might give one of us long enough to get out of range.
It might have been tampered with.
It might have deflected the transporter beam to a different set of coordinates.
It might help me remember some detail that might be relevant.
It might just give us enough to pour a little vinegar in baby's milk.
It might make this easier.
It might not be so clear cut then.
It might pass for a natural disaster.
It might prove to be beneficial.
It might put the Enterprise at further risk.
It might take a little while to get used to it.
It might take some time, but if there's a problem, I'll find it.
It might work better this way.
It might work, Geordi.
It misdirected them to believe it was time to regenerate.
It moved in on our position faster than anything I've ever seen.
It moved.
It moves through my body like a great pulse.
It must be Duras.
It must be a mistake.
It must be a warning.
It must be from the Federation.
It must be fun to visit a planet like that.
It must be hard for you, being the only Klingon your age aboard this ship.
It must be her decision.
It must be important, or you wouldn't be here.
It must be malfunctioning.
It must be overwhelming.
It must be painstakingly cultivated, harvested, purified.
It must be removed.
It must be right in front of our faces.
It must be sealed, probably with age.
It must be solved.
It must be some kind of illusion.
It must be someone from either alien delegation.
It must be somewhat overwhelming.
It must be there.
It must be very lonely.
It must be worse up there than we thought.
It must be.
It must give you great pleasure.
It must have been cloaked, sir.
It must have been extraordinary.
It must have been just out of range of the shuttlecraft.
It must have been left on after the explosion of the lab.
It must have been lying in some deep moon crater.
It must have been my husband, Donald.
It must have been terrible.
It must have been.
It must have something to do with that escape pod we picked up.
It must mean something.
It must not be in vain.
It must seem terribly unfair and restrictive to you.
It must've been a pretty good speech to make you turn your back on your friends.
It must've been fatal to the crew.
It nearly destroyed them.
It nearly made me sick.
It needs an overhaul.
It needs must wither.
It never did.
It never ends.
It never got out of the preliminary stages.
It never happened to me before.
It never happened.
It never occurred to me.
It never was.
It no longer matters.
It now appears that the vessel may have come to an unfortunate end.
It now seems that you may have done.
It obviously wasn't pilot's error.
It offers a less hospitable climate than the Boraalans are accustomed to.
It once supported life.
It only made them angrier.
It only peaks when we move towards the water.
It only weakens us.
It operates almost as a switch.
It pains me I was so careless, Captain.
It plays in perfect clarity from beginning to end over and over again.
It plays real good, too.
It powers all of their defensive systems.
It probably happened while I was on duty, and quickly, which is what I expected.
It probably saved you from another court martial.
It produces a fragrant flower on only one day of the year.
It produces a radioactive trail that ought to be traceable.
It protected me.
It provides a sense of completion to my future.
It pulses unendingly all through the night.
It put me right to sleep every night.
It rained the rest of the week.
It reads as refined metals and other synthetic compounds.
It reads solid, sir.
It really is delicious.
It really wasn't you.
It registers as solid, Captain.
It regulates our lives.
It regulates the power flow to the frequency that you're used to.
It remains unaffected here as well, sir.
It reports normal operations.
It responds to their wishes.
It ruptured right along here.
It said you killed some of them.
It saw that there was no real danger and completed the repairs.
It says ninth place.
It says she was reported missing from Utopia Planitia on stardate 40987.2.
It says we should go this way.
It scares me to think that you might win this fight and gain real power.
It scares me.
It seemed an ideal diversion.
It seemed appropriate.
It seemed as though the work had stopped.
It seemed longer.
It seemed pretty trivial compared to being a doctor.
It seemed the sensible way.
It seemed to go well, thanks to a look inside Mister Data.
It seemed what I was seeing was something real.
It seemed, Admiral, that they knew our course, our destination, our plan.
It seems Ambassador K'Ehleyr is looking into things she should not be.
It seems Commander Data has it them as well.
It seems I did make that bargain.
It seems I owe you thanks, Commander.
It seems I was not fast enough.
It seems able to withstand the solar radiation.
It seems an awful lot of effort for something as simple as a headache.
It seems an equitable code.
It seems as though everything has turned out for the best.
It seems callous and even a little cowardly.
It seems colonial, simple.
It seems he built that bridge.
It seems hopeless.
It seems like nothing's gone right.
It seems like only yesterday we had Meribor's naming ceremony.
It seems like some of it's held together pretty well.
It seems like there's something increasing the drag coefficient on the ship.
It seems like three weeks.
It seems like we're trapped here.
It seems my primary speech processors are experiencing a minor fluctuation.
It seems only fair that we return the courtesy.
It seems only fitting they should end up together.
It seems reasonably self aware to me.
It seems that I am a victim of my own bad timing.
It seems that I must make a decision.
It seems that Mrs Troi is our acting ambassador of goodwill for today.
It seems that almost immediately after birth they begin artificial implants.
It seems that every time I shift periods, I can retain more memory.
It seems that he feeds on knowledge.
It seems that it was classified by Starfleet Intelligence.
It seems that the Ambassador had more free time than I anticipated.
It seems that the Enterprise can track us even though we are cloaked.
It seems that there are various factions vying for power.
It seems the Edo Lord agrees with you, Number One.
It seems the Edo's god is very protective of its children.
It seems the entire crew was unconscious for approximately thirty seconds.
It seems the only possible conclusion.
It seems there were emissions up until a few minutes ago.
It seems they are on some sort of strike.
It seems to agree with Worf.
It seems to be a highly cohesive form of plasma, like a strand of energy.
It seems to be a network of miniature circuitry, sir.
It seems to be a problem with the information retrieval net.
It seems to be coming from all around us.
It seems to be connected directly to the brainstem.
It seems to be giving him very complex visual information.
It seems to be gone.
It seems to be restricted by a forcefield.
It seems to be some kind of tightly confined annular force field, sir.
It seems to have a quicker rapport with our computers than we have.
It seems to have been formed within the last six hours.
It seems to have discharged, sir.
It seems to me that determining leadership is not crucial right now.
It seems to me that you and Lavelle are a lot alike.
It seems to still be operative.
It seems to stretch on without end.
It seems to work well for you.
It seems we are becoming detectives, Number One.
It seems we have no alternative.
It seems we're alive only because we have been placed on probation.
It seems we're looking a unique phenomenon.
It seems you have an advocate, Q.
It seems you were right, Mister O'Brien.
It seems you woke your Tin Man.
It seems you've all had a similar experience.
It seems your quarters have reverted to their earlier state of disorder.
It seems, Captain, that you are the early favourite.
It sees with its sensors, it talks with its communications systems.
It seldom is, Karnas.
It sent out some kind of plasma shock.
It set up a torsional wave that rebounded back to the ship.
It should all be a lot simpler once we can see how your circuitry's connected.
It should be a smooth ride over.
It should be able to cut through the interference.
It should be any second now.
It should be enough to stop the bullets.
It should be enough, Captain.
It should be interesting.
It should be possible to better control the temporal aperture.
It should be possible to reconfigure their subspace emitters.
It should be possible to trigger the unit from orbit.
It should be that simple, Wesley.
It should be the point of view of any reasonably intelligent middle-aged person.
It should buy us some time.
It should confirm when the next time effect will occur.
It should enhance the long range sensors.
It should have been inhibited by the T-cell stimulator.
It should help a little.
It should make my task much simpler.
It should never have happened.
It should not be affected.
It should not be allowed to rust like this.
It should not be needed, sir.
It should not be theirs.
It should not be.
It should provide an effective screen against their sensors, Captain.
It should seem that I've broken your will.
It should start at full dilation.
It should take me a few hours to run the sonomic comparison.
It should.
It shouldn't be me.
It shouldn't be possible at all.
It shouldn't be too long.
It shouldn't do that.
It shouldn't have happened.
It shouldn't work, but it does.
It shouldn't.
It shows affection.
It simply attacked us.
It simply refers to foreign investors.
It sings a different song for each person.
It sits there looking at me, and I don't know what it is.
It slipped my mind in all the hustle and bustle.
It smells like a trap.
It smells musty in here.
It sounds as if it were a very lonely time for you.
It sounds as though they may require the services of a doctor.
It sounds crazy, but you had to know Donald.
It sounds delightful.
It sounds impossible, I know, but I have found an approach which will work.
It sounds intriguing.
It sounds like a Bardakian pronghorn moose.
It sounds like a grand adventure.
It sounds like an intriguing experiment.
It sounds like he put you through hell.
It sounds like my own planet.
It sounds like you've got everything under control.
It sounds like your voice.
It sounds strange, but I'm in a penalty box.
It sounds strange, but it definitely isn't.
It sounds to me like you're talking about dreaming.
It sounds to me like you're trying to manipulate the future.
It sounds very noble, very caring.
It sounds weird, doesn't it?
It sounds wonderful for the children.
It sounds wonderful.
It spoils the mystery, the fun.
It started after Doctor Crusher ordered the scanner to magnify.
It started falling apart almost thirty years ago.
It started happening about six months ago.
It started right here, in the future.
It started the day I volunteered, Counsellor.
It started when I got curious.
It starts about a year after the wedding.
It still amazes me that your group was spared.
It still has a nice ring to it.
It still hurts.
It still makes it our move.
It still shines as brightly.
It still works.
It stimulates the part of the brain that releases natural endorphins.
It stopped liking me.
It suggests the cause as a methane-like gas seeping in from underground.
It surrounds the ship?
It takes a bit of getting used to.
It takes a fine mind to realise that, Counsellor Troi.
It takes a great deal of courage to put yourself on display like that.
It takes a trained eye to notice certain discrepancies.
It takes an enormous commitment.
It takes care of all our needs.
It takes command presence to lead.
It takes courage to say the test is unfair.
It takes more.
It takes time to make a best friend.
It takes very special people to live in such desolation.
It takes years of study.
It tasted good, so I ate it.
It tastes like liquid polymer.
It tears a body apart, inside out, and very slowly too by your phaser standards.
It tells the story of the Vulcan separation.
It tells you that these things are wrong, doesn't it, Data?
It terrified them.
It tests your knowledge of the forms of the mok'bara.
It thinks the Enterprise is its mother.
It took a while to get a fine enough beam out of the phaser.
It took almost two weeks to get the water out of your servos.
It took courage to come here and face me after what I said to you the other day.
It took four months to get the particle flux up to this level.
It took great effort.
It took me a long time to get over what happened between Commander Riker and me.
It took me a while, but I got him back really good.
It took me a while, but I managed to patch through into Starfleet's comm.
It took me three weeks to repair the grounds after the celebration.
It took months to figure it out with him.
It took several hundred years but I managed to bring him around.
It took some time but, I came to realise I need you too.
It took them hours to determine this was a distress beacon.
It took us about half the time that it would have normally taken us.
It took years to develop a communication.
It tracked with me, anticipating.
It translates a wide range of radiation into neural impulses.
It translates as stand by.
It tried to kill us.
It triggered the alarm.
It turned out to be the cavern itself.
It turns out that they had dismantled their ship and hidden it.
It used to please my mother.
It uses many of the same principles as the holodeck.
It uses trionic initiators in the warp coil.
It usually does at about this age.
It usually is.
It usually refers to one's own memories, Captain.
It usually refers to the memories.
It vanishes to reveal a red and sullen outside, lit by erupting volcanoes.
It vaporises at?
It varies with the individual.
It wants to die.
It was Ambassador Spock.
It was Ariana who drew me here.
It was Doctor Crusher's idea to simulate the blue gill.
It was Ensign Ro's idea but I fully endorsed it.
It was Hill.
It was Isabella.
It was Konsab's main theme.
It was Lieutenant Barclay who first suggested a link between the two incidents.
It was Lore, sir.
It was Starfleet officers who rescued me.
It was Tam's final request that I explain his decision to the crew.
It was a Ferengi trader.
It was a Tarkassian razor beast.
It was a bad idea whose time is long past.
It was a bar.
It was a bomb.
It was a calculated risk.
It was a clever scheme.
It was a common explosive.
It was a controversial decision.
It was a derelict, adrift in space on the far side of this star system.
It was a difficult adolescence.
It was a difficult decision.
It was a fast decision, which we must take as positive.
It was a first contact situation.
It was a gift for when he grew up.
It was a good idea,, but let's just forget it, okay?
It was a holodeck audience.
It was a kind of fad in the late twentieth century.
It was a large meal, Lieutenant Yar.
It was a lie.
It was a little sudden.
It was a long time ago.
It was a manoeuvre worthy of a Romulan.
It was a medicine, but it cured the plague two hundred years ago.
It was a misunderstanding of the worst kind.
It was a national obsession at the time.
It was a nice place to visit, Number One, but I wouldn't want to die there.
It was a one-man craft.
It was a pleasure to serve with you, Mister Barclay.
It was a professional collaboration.
It was a reality.
It was a remarkable experience.
It was a risk we had to take.
It was a ruse, designed to throw us off the track.
It was a save our skins manoeuvre.
It was a scientific expedition.
It was a smash.
It was a strange sensation.
It was a stupid mistake.
It was a sudden burst of anger.
It was a tactic.
It was a team effort, Admiral.
It was a teeny bit selfless, wasn't it?
It was a terrible accident.
It was a terrible tragedy.
It was a time of great violence among my people.
It was a tremendous opportunity.
It was a very personal gesture, and he gave me a remarkable look.
It was a very potent experience.
It was a very rewarding experience.
It was a warning.
It was a waste of time then and it is a waste of time now.
It was a while after that before I could even let my parents get out of earshot.
It was a wise choice to hide your family name.
It was a wise precaution.
It was a wonderful experience.
It was about to give birth.
It was above me.
It was all a mistake, and I should have realised it from the beginning.
It was all going so well.
It was all over the spectrum.
It was almost the longest.
It was almost undetectable, but the improvement was there.
It was always you.
It was an absolutely exhausting process.
It was an accident.
It was an adult who did it!
It was an errand of mercy.
It was an honour.
It was an innocent social gathering.
It was announced you came as friends.
It was appealing for a few centuries, but I bore easily.
It was as if I knew him, or more like he knew me.
It was as if he was blaming me for something.
It was as if the incident never happened.
It was as real as this is.
It was as though my own consciousness were pushed to the side.
It was as though they were calling to me.
It was as though you were performing a scene for all of us.
It was at first, but actually now I'm enjoying myself.
It was at least two or three metres above.
It was banned by the Academy following a training accident, sir.
It was barely a year ago that I shared a mind meld with the Vulcan, Sarek.
It was based on every piece of information on record about Leah Brahms.
It was beautiful.
It was before I got the first visor.
It was before I took command of the Enterprise.
It was broken before it went into effect.
It was cold and dark because I was outdoors at night.
It was common knowledge.
It was considered extremely heroic.
It was controlling the balls.
It was cowardice.
It was dark and distorted, and it had what looked like a mouth.
It was decided that I did not need to go.
It was decided then we would do surveillance before making contact.
It was decommissioned years ago and sent to the surplus depot at Qualor Two.
It was discovered in the Gamma Quadrant.
It was displayed in the lab, no doubt by proud parents.
It was effortless for both of them.
It was either bring him aboard or let him die.
It was either this or arguing till hell froze over.
It was elevated?
It was excruciating.
It was extremely unstable.
It was fear.
It was fifty years ago.
It was fine, sir.
It was flat and metal.
It was for their own protection as well as that of others.
It was found in our Captain's chest, which brought over from the Stargazer.
It was found in the cavern where Data's head was.
It was given to me by the One.
It was good talking to you, sir.
It was good to hear that again.
It was good to see some old friends.
It was hard to go back to a corset, I can tell you.
It was headed for an asteroid belt.
It was her favourite flower.
It was here in the other two time periods.
It was here.
It was his assistant.
It was his dying wish.
It was his way of proposing to me.
It was holding you down?
It was identified centuries ago as the Stockholm syndrome.
It was in the hands of the Klingons that the novel attained its full stature.
It was in your service record.
It was injured.
It was instinct.
It was invented by a scientist named Kal Dano in the mid twenty seventh century.
It was just a joke, sir.
It was just after I had killed the Borg, I felt something.
It was just after I had killed the Borg.
It was just luck I hit the right frequency.
It was just one hell of a storm.
It was just so comfortable.
It was killing you, having to take care of an invalid.
It was kind of hard to tell.
It was labeled Utopia Planitia.
It was late.
It was like I absolutely needed to know that they were there, you know?
It was like finding treasure.
It was like having your parents around all the time.
It was like taking a bath in pure energy.
It was like their voices were being carried on the wind.
It was like this for you and Jack?
It was little more than a galactic outpost in those days.
It was long ago, and in another lifetime.
It was long.
It was made from the inside out.
It was made of metal.
It was many years ago, I had a rendezvous.
It was me!
It was merely a figure of speech.
It was mine.
It was more ecologically sound.
It was more like a presence.
It was more like fighting Klingons than Borg.
It was more than I expected.
It was my decision to invite you to accompany me, Captain.
It was my error, not hers.
It was my face, but it wasn't me inside.
It was my fault that you got involved in all this.
It was my fault!
It was my favourite spot to study.
It was my home before we went away.
It was my job to look after you.
It was my reward to myself for patience.
It was my wife's suggestion that we attend.
It was necessary in order to secure the Array.
It was necessary to assume it to exist in your time.
It was necessary to balance theory with experiential referents.
It was never heard from again.
It was never the Romulans.
It was nice getting to know you.
It was not a delusion.
It was not meant as a joke.
It was not meant as a serious disparagement.
It was not meant as an accusation Indeed, I salute your show of strength.
It was not meant for you.
It was not my intention to deceive.
It was not necessary to abduct us.
It was not painful?
It was not present before the Entity's attack.
It was not real, it was on a stage.
It was not right before.
It was not scissors.
It was not the same as anger, but I think it was an emotion.
It was not until I had reached the Age of Ascension that I was told the truth.
It was not your fault.
It was not your mistake.
It was noted at the Academy more than once.
It was nothing more than an accident.
It was number nine in a series of fifty eight tests.
It was obviously non productive.
It was on Setlik Three.
It was once a little more than that.
It was one of our own cruisers sent to bring us back.
It was only a, a thought.
It was our obligation to assist.
It was our pleasure, Mirok.
It was ours to destroy.
It was pretty much as we expected, sir.
It was probably interrupting the data stream.
It was probably unwise of us to attempt to place a human colony in this area.
It was raining and you couldn't find a cab.
It was raining in the city by the bay.
It was real!
It was really nice meeting you.
It was really quite hypnotic.
It was remarkable.
It was right here.
It was routed to the Tripoli, a holding vessel on the outer rim of the shipyard.
It was scary at first, but I really didn't feel anything.
It was sealed off two years ago.
It was self-defence.
It was sent approximately fifteen minutes ago.
It was sent by the same carrier wave as the command codes.
It was sent to you a few years ago.
It was set to level ten.
It was shortly before his death.
It was smooth and cold, Yeah, it was cold.
It was smoother, more metallic.
It was so small in fact we didn't have a godfather of crime, we had a nephew.
It was something about a smooth surface.
It was something unintelligible, Captain.
It was starving for energy.
It was stored on Earth and just recently turned up.
It was strange.
It was taken from the weapons locker on the station.
It was that which sent us back, Captain.
It was the day before you started your tour on the Potemkin.
It was the eeriest feeling.
It was the entire ship, but now it has focused its attention entirely on you.
It was the first stirrings of world government.
It was the hardest thing I ever did, but I got through it.
It was the last primary system we had to overhaul.
It was the most human decision you've ever made.
It was the most physical dream I've ever had.
It was the one place in the galaxy they most wanted to be.
It was the only thing to do.
It was the only way I could afford to get to Risa.
It was the only way to save the other two.
It was the other way around for me.
It was the quickest way.
It was the right decision, and in no way responsible for his death.
It was the same exact thing just moving around in the transporter beam.
It was the starship Phoenix, under the command of Benjamin Maxwell.
It was the static!
It was the visual record of my wife, Minuet.
It was the will of the people to resettle them.
It was the will of the people.
It was their world they were trying to save.
It was though she were summoning all her defences to keep me away.
It was thought to be uninhabited until these emissions were detected.
It was to be their colony.
It was too brief to pinpoint.
It was too easy.
It was unlike anything you've ever felt before.
It was unusually compact, yet extremely powerful.
It was used to store high energy plasma.
It was useful.
It was vague, the way you recall a dream.
It was very disorienting.
It was very helpful.
It was very intimate.
It was very simple.
It was very stimulating.
It was virtually impossible to sense any deception.
It was within your power to fix me.
It was working.
It was worse than death.
It was worth it.
It was written in my dear brother's own hand.
It was wrong twelve years ago, and it is wrong today.
It was you all along, wasn't it?
It was you.
It was your aunt who represented Beta thirty years ago.
It was your idea to look for some sort of commonality.
It was your mistake.
It was, and the exocomp must have realised that.
It was, both reinforced and insulated.
It was, really.
It wasn't Q that saved us.
It wasn't a he.
It wasn't a maintenance problem.
It wasn't a she.
It wasn't an official function.
It wasn't anything he said, or anything he did?
It wasn't as easy as that.
It wasn't easy making a final decision, let me tell you.
It wasn't easy to find.
It wasn't easy to strike the right balance with your programming.
It wasn't easy to translate.
It wasn't easy, but I did it.
It wasn't exactly the wedding I'd hoped for.
It wasn't him.
It wasn't his fault.
It wasn't in any of his records.
It wasn't just luck.
It wasn't luck.
It wasn't me!
It wasn't me, Worf!
It wasn't me, sir.
It wasn't me.
It wasn't my golden oratory that saved them, Captain.
It wasn't necessary.
It wasn't possible, Doctor.
It wasn't quite that easy with you, Data.
It wasn't really a counsellor.
It wasn't stealing.
It wasn't tense at all.
It wasn't this bad.
It wasn't until I took things into my own hands that something got done.
It wasn't very smart of you to take on three Nausicaans, was it?
It wasn't what I saw, it was more what I felt.
It wasn't.
It will ache for a few days, but it should be fine.
It will allow them to acclimate before returning to Earth.
It will arouse less suspicion on the part of the isolationists.
It will arouse their suspicion.
It will arrive here in fifty one minutes.
It will be a difficult journey, but in the end we will have a new home.
It will be a dress uniform dinner, gentlemen.
It will be challenging, but I will help you prepare.
It will be difficult to convince my allies to back Gowron.
It will be done.
It will be glorious!
It will be here within three hours.
It will be interesting to see how they cope.
It will be just long enough to prove that K'mpec is dead.
It will be necessary for me to join the away team, sir.
It will be no problem.
It will be operational in seventeen minutes.
It will be our anniversary.
It will be our word against theirs and who is more trustworthy, Mordoc?
It will be pleasant to have her as a guest of the Enterprise again.
It will be several hours before it cools enough for us to enter.
It will be shunted to a subroutine for further analysis.
It will be until we're ready to switch to internal power.
It will be visible again in forty seconds.
It will be visible directly ahead.
It will be war.
It will cost you twenty to make that determination, sir.
It will cut down their response time.
It will destroy all life on the Enterprise in a matter of hours.
It will eventually help save thousands of lives.
It will eventually reach the brain.
It will fade as we move further from this planet.
It will get worse.
It will happen again if you don't cooperate.
It will happen quite quickly.
It will happen.
It will have to be, sir.
It will immediately determine any abnormalities.
It will in no way diminish the experience.
It will in time.
It will just gauge your psychological reactions to the images it projects.
It will maintain electrical activity in your brain at the proper frequency.
It will make everything clearer.
It will mean the end of the alliance with the Federation.
It will need to be.
It will never be that way again.
It will never hurt anyone again.
It will not affect my judgment at our next encounter.
It will not be easy for him.
It will not be easy.
It will not be interrupted.
It will not be like the home you knew.
It will not be possible to establish remote operation.
It will not be possible to transport, sir.
It will not happen again.
It will not matter, Gowron.
It will not serve you here.
It will not take long to isolate the appropriate genetic material.
It will pass, all of it.
It will pass.
It will perform a similar function.
It will probably be enough to kill him.
It will provide you with clothing, food and clean water.
It will reach far beyond this courtroom and this one android.
It will require the cooperation of all concerned.
It will require two more days of repairs.
It will reveal the kind of a people we are, what he is destined to be.
It will serve as a rallying cry to declare war and overthrow Gowron.
It will simply take a different form.
It will slightly increase the cultural contamination which already exists.
It will startle you.
It will take a few moments.
It will take approximately nine and one half hours to complete the analysis.
It will take approximately six hours to scan this system.
It will take approximately three hours.
It will take approximately two minutes to complete the modification, sir.
It will take at least five hours to replace the antimatter containment unit.
It will take at least two hours to evacuate all the colonists off the surface.
It will take him years to learn to do that.
It will take me approximately twelve hours to reach the camp.
It will take seven hours to completely scan the surface.
It will take seven hours to make those changes.
It will take some time to locate them, sir.
It will take them at least fourteen hours to reach that position.
It will take them days to die.
It will take them months.
It will take time to disable them.
It will take time, sir.
It will tell me if there's the slightest sign of increased ionisation.
It will undoubtedly continue to kill unless we stop it.
It will, Captain.
It will.
It won't affect her DNA at all.
It won't answer to my clearance, sir.
It won't be as bad as you think.
It won't be as good as Data's.
It won't be easy at all.
It won't be easy, but it's a reasonable price to pay for peace.
It won't be enough to stop us.
It won't be for long, Will.
It won't be like it was twelve years ago.
It won't be long before we're detected by the patrol ships.
It won't be spreading any further.
It won't change anything.
It won't do more than warp two, but it'll get them home.
It won't harm us to listen to Mister Hill.
It won't have an effect on the length of my inquiry.
It won't help you.
It won't last long in that radiation.
It won't make any difference.
It worked well, sir.
It worked!
It worked, didn't it?
It works for a lot of things.
It works, I was just creating more fields.
It worries you that I can't read your mind?
It would also explain the failure of their warp drive.
It would also help if they knew what was going on.
It would also mean that there's probably a way to de-phase us.
It would appear I don't have any broken ribs after all.
It would appear our away team has rescued a second man from your one man ship.
It would appear that Spot has had her kittens.
It would appear that you require a third party to intervene on your behalf.
It would appear the laser's drilling system was reprogrammed, sir.
It would appear there is a discontinuity between the time periods you described.
It would appear to be one of his relatives.
It would be a case of judging us by our own rules, sir.
It would be a grave mistake.
It would be a great challenge, if you have the courage to accept it.
It would be a lot faster.
It would be a most awkward transition.
It would be advisable to monitor that cough.
It would be an honour.
It would be best if I apologised.
It would be best if you got dressed.
It would be dangerous to attempt treatment without them.
It would be dangerous to do it without them.
It would be difficult for me to be leaving all the time.
It would be difficult to guarantee your safety.
It would be extremely difficult to maintain.
It would be foolish to underestimate you, brother.
It would be hard to forget Mister Homn.
It would be helpful if everybody just got out of here now.
It would be helpful to know something about our mission.
It would be illogical for a Vulcan to show anger!
It would be illogical!
It would be impossible to accomplish here.
It would be impossible.
It would be improper to report it until then.
It would be irresponsible of me not to ask you here.
It would be more accurate to say he was discussing them with me.
It would be more dangerous for you to refuse.
It would be my pleasure.
It would be nice to have a nice office, too.
It would be our best chance of avoiding sort of any pursuit.
It would be painful but it wouldn't cause any physical harm.
It would be possible for you to remove my cranial unit and take it with you.
It would be quite a shame.
It would be risky to set a trap here, so close to Federation space.
It would be settled in less than a year.
It would be so much easier to show you than to tell you.
It would be suicide to evacuate.
It would be the same as admitting your father's guilt, Worf.
It would be unethical to take pleasure from another being's death.
It would be very dangerous to have you both in the same place.
It would be very normal to be angry with her.
It would be wise to quarantine the aliens.
It would cause immediate unconsciousness.
It would certainly be easier to build.
It would certainly be untraceable by any standard method of detection.
It would destroy everything they believed in.
It would destroy everything we've worked for two centuries to accomplish.
It would destroy them.
It would end this stalemate.
It would figure.
It would give them something in common.
It would give you a good opportunity to expatiate your viewpoint.
It would have been unwise to call.
It would have damaged the symbiont.
It would have to be perfectly timed, and there's no guarantee.
It would have to be practically skintight.
It would help him to talk with someone who's been through this.
It would help to accelerate the process.
It would just be nice to get a little something from him.
It would just take a little longer.
It would make it much easier to say goodbye tomorrow.
It would make sense.
It would matter to me.
It would mean a lot.
It would mean abandoning their fundamental way of life.
It would never take you more than four.
It would not be difficult to modify them to convert energy into radiation.
It would not require more than two hours.
It would only harm him.
It would put the Federation in a very difficult position.
It would reduce your vulnerability to an attack.
It would require approximately six days, sir.
It would require enormous effort to even educate them.
It would require taking the ship into the anomaly itself.
It would seek out an airborne virus and destroy it.
It would seem that we have at least one thing in common.
It would seem the Howard women have exceptionally vigorous libidos.
It would seem the intron virus is not limited to humanoid lifeforms.
It would seem there is no predictable pattern to human memory.
It would seem to suggest that your husband had failed to create Krieger waves.
It would seem we know how to operate this ship.
It would seem you two have a lot to discuss.
It would seem you've actually improved upon yourself, Data.
It would seem.
It would seen to be an ancient interplanetary code.
It would simply be a matter of building the actual production units.
It would still get us.
It would take a powerful weapon to do that.
It would take about sixteen hours to synthesise the inhibitor.
It would take nearly a century at warp nine to cover that distance.
It would take three days by shuttle to get there.
It would take time.
It would take weeks of laying out new circuits.
It would take weeks to reach them at impulse.
It would violate every lesson I have learned about human parenting.
It wouldn't be fair to you.
It wouldn't be much good without it.
It wouldn't be possible.
It wouldn't do any harm.
It wouldn't have taken much to throw them off.
It wouldn't hurt you to seek out a little companionship.
It wouldn't hurt.
It wouldn't take long to come up with the firing parameters.
It wouldn't.
It' be a worse mistake to trust you.
It' was like we worked as one.
It'd be best if you kept your assumptions to yourself, wouldn't it?
It'd be hard to get bored on this ship.
It'd be nice if we all had names.
It'd take a couple of hits.
It'll act like a beacon.
It'll be a while before you can walk.
It'll be dark soon, in a few hours.
It'll be dark there in thirty minutes.
It'll be destroyed within twenty five minutes, holodeck and all.
It'll be fine.
It'll be good to have Counsellor Troi back, won't it, Number One?
It'll be hard for them to locate us with just the directional sensors.
It'll be interesting to see how they improve a computer as advanced as ours.
It'll be online in a few minutes.
It'll be our secret.
It'll be some time.
It'll be the first order of business tomorrow.
It'll be there for you, believe me.
It'll be wonderful.
It'll bring the ghost.
It'll burn out the main deflector, but it'll be one hell of a bang.
It'll cause trouble.
It'll crush this ship like an egg.
It'll disappear in a day or two.
It'll force them into taking a similar posture.
It'll have to be replaced.
It'll have to be shipped in a stasis field.
It'll have to wait till later, darling.
It'll help you to sleep.
It'll hit the colony in less than fifty minutes.
It'll just be at a later time.
It'll just take a little longer.
It'll look suspicious if you're both working on it.
It'll only take a minute.
It'll still be there.
It'll take a couple of hours to complete the cycle.
It'll take a few days before you know where everything is.
It'll take a hundred, maybe even a thousand adjustments every second.
It'll take a second for our eyes to re-adjust.
It'll take another hour, maybe two.
It'll take at least thirty six hours to get underway.
It'll take fifteen years, and a research team of a hundred.
It'll take just a minute.
It'll take months at high warp just to get there.
It'll take them hours to get here, sir, even at maximum warp.
It'll take time to locate.
It'll take time to vent off.
It'll take time, Geordi.
It'll take time, but the important thing is that we not give up.
It'll take us a while to bring them around, but they will recover.
It'll take us four months just to get there.
It'll take you a while to input the figures, won't it?
It'll teach him that he can't go round cheating Starfleet officers.
It'll throw Karnas off balance, and we can catch him before he's ready.
It'll work now.
It'll work on him too.
It'll work.
It's Aldea, Captain.
It's Algolian ceremonial rhythms.
It's Ambassador Odan.
It's Beverly's smile, it's her kindness, her beauty within and without.
It's Beverly.
It's Captain Picard!
It's Captain Picard.
It's Captain, actually.
It's Commander Riker, sir!
It's Data all right.
It's Data, Mom.
It's Earth.
It's Felix Leech!
It's French.
It's Geordi.
It's German, isn't it?
It's Ian.
It's Jay Gordon.
It's Jean-Luc Picard.
It's Jono, right?
It's Judge Q to you.
It's Kahless!
It's Klingon.
It's La Forge.
It's Marian who deserves the credit.
It's Mother!
It's Mother.
It's Obaachan!
It's Paris.
It's Picard.
It's Ressikan.
It's Riker, he's taking Palmer!
It's Riker, sir.
It's Soong, all right.
It's Talarian.
It's Tarmin.
It's Terran.
It's Terrelian Death Syndrome, isn't it.
It's Tin Man.
It's Tyrinean.
It's Vulcan.
It's Wesley I wanted to speak to you about.
It's Will, isn't it?
It's a Borg.
It's a Chameleon Rose.
It's a Federation outpost there.
It's a Federation ship.
It's a Federation shuttlecraft, all right.
It's a Klingon delicacy.
It's a Klingon ship.
It's a Kolvoord Starburst, sir.
It's a Samarian coral fish with its fin unfolded.
It's a Starfleet craft.
It's a Tzartak aperitif.
It's a Vulcan dish.
It's a barbaric ritual.
It's a better choice.
It's a big job with a lot of responsibility.
It's a bitter thing to be exiled from your home.
It's a blessing to understand we are special, each in his own way.
It's a chance.
It's a child's computer, remember?
It's a child.
It's a chipped cup, off-white, with a crack in it.
It's a classic case of stress-related ailments brought on by overwork.
It's a classified matter.
It's a coastal city that has been neutral throughout the conflict.
It's a collection of neural nets and heuristic algorithms.
It's a combination, Data.
It's a completely random selection?
It's a concoction I heard about on Prakal Two.
It's a convenient way of enforcing discipline.
It's a credit to you.
It's a cultural bias.
It's a dampening field.
It's a day of celebration and ritual spent with one's fellow Klingons.
It's a decision that will affect how people interrelate with you.
It's a defensive weapon.
It's a degenerative neurological disorder.
It's a delicacy I'm happy to share with you.
It's a device that hooks around the ears.
It's a difficult choice.
It's a difficult instrument, but I enjoy the challenge.
It's a difficult moment.
It's a disease my mom says people used to get.
It's a dolphin.
It's a dry well, Captain.
It's a fact.
It's a family heirloom.
It's a fascinating story.
It's a feeling I'm not at all used to.
It's a five minute countdown.
It's a flux coordinating sensor.
It's a friend of mine.
It's a funny thing about being a parent.
It's a gamble.
It's a game of intuition.
It's a girl.
It's a good lesson not to let excitement cloud your thinking.
It's a good ship.
It's a good thing we were using sticks instead of the real blades.
It's a good thing you're cute, Wesley, or you could really be obnoxious.
It's a great crew, son, and they think the world of you.
It's a great honour.
It's a great name.
It's a hard habit to break.
It's a heck of a sales pitch.
It's a hell of a long way outside Federation territory.
It's a hell of a way to transport a Federation dignitary.
It's a hobby.
It's a holographic programme, set in the drafting room at Utopia Planitia.
It's a human response.
It's a jewel plant from Folnar Three.
It's a joke, Data.
It's a kind of filtering mechanism that protects us from psychic trauma.
It's a kind of syringe.
It's a laboratory maze, a carefully structured test.
It's a lava flow.
It's a lethal game.
It's a letter of the alphabet, as far as I know.
It's a life, Data.
It's a little inconvenient.
It's a little more dangerous, but I think there's a better chance for success.
It's a little out of their territory.
It's a little souvenir I picked up on Magus Three.
It's a little stiff, but it'll be fine.
It's a little too selective to be coincidence.
It's a lonely one.
It's a long range subspace Array.
It's a long story, Mister Worf.
It's a long way down.
It's a lot more efficient now.
It's a lot safer.
It's a machine, isn't it?
It's a male human, or in this case half-human half-Betazoid.
It's a mannequin of some sort.
It's a map.
It's a match made in heaven.
It's a matter of opinion, I guess.
It's a matter of survival.
It's a matter replicator.
It's a meeting the Captain won't soon forget.
It's a mess down there.
It's a mess in here.
It's a mess, but I'd like to go back and straighten things out.
It's a message.
It's a mid-range phase adjuster.
It's a minor adjustment.
It's a minor province in the make-up of a starship captain.
It's a model of simplicity.
It's a moment Spock is about to face.
It's a much different system than ours.
It's a music box.
It's a myth.
It's a nasty human habit you could easily do without.
It's a natural expression of your unconscious, if you have an unconscious.
It's a natural side effect of neural stimulation.
It's a neural servo connected directly to your nervous system.
It's a normal, healthy activity for children to engage in imaginary play.
It's a only a sedative.
It's a part of the Betazoid psyche.
It's a part of you.
It's a perfect match.
It's a perfectly good shuttlecraft.
It's a pity we can't take them ourselves.
It's a pity you don't know the content of your own library.
It's a pleasant memory.
It's a pleasure to meet you, Manua.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
It's a pointless discussion, Data.
It's a pretty big decision, Jean-Luc.
It's a pretty big decision, all right.
It's a private matter.
It's a prototype for a Federation cloaking device.
It's a prototype for a Varon-T disruptor.
It's a proud Howard tradition and I've decided to uphold it.
It's a proven technology.
It's a rare iron-copper composite, unique to one humanoid species.
It's a real maze down there.
It's a real mess down here, sir.
It's a relay signal.
It's a remarkable invention.
It's a risk I think we have to take.
It's a risk we can't afford to take.
It's a risk we have to take.
It's a risky game you're playing, coming here.
It's a ritual of great significance.
It's a shadow something.
It's a shame Professor Galen didn't live to see the end result of his search.
It's a shame we can't tell if they're sentient.
It's a shame you didn't talk to me first.
It's a shot in the dark, Captain.
It's a side of humans I've never felt before.
It's a signal to other women.
It's a simple plan, really.
It's a slow and gradual process, but it works.
It's a small ship, Mot.
It's a start.
It's a strong possibility, sir.
It's a structure.
It's a subspace instability outside the rift.
It's a surprise.
It's a task that I will attend to.
It's a terrifying prospect to lose control of one's mind.
It's a thank you.
It's a thing of beauty, isn't it?
It's a time-honoured strategy, Taurik.
It's a topic of great conjecture.
It's a tracking device of some kind.
It's a trade, an exchange.
It's a tragic loss, but her death had a purpose.
It's a two man game.
It's a typical Romulan ploy.
It's a very ancient concept.
It's a very considerate idea.
It's a very old theory, Number One.
It's a very sloppy rhyme.
It's a very small part.
It's a viewscreen.
It's a warning that the power of the resonator can be overcome by peace.
It's a waste of time, Captain.
It's a way for you to interact with the various facets of your personality.
It's a well known fact.
It's a white dwarf star.
It's a wonderful programme.
It's a wonderful sensation.
It's about Alva.
It's about Commander Riker.
It's about Isabella.
It's about Jason.
It's about Keiko.
It's about Lieutenant Commander Daren.
It's about Starfleet.
It's about my son.
It's about my team.
It's about power.
It's about the Iconians, sir.
It's about the dietary requirements of the Antican delegates.
It's about thirty metres below us.
It's about time we changed that.
It's about time you arrived, Picard.
It's about time you got in on some of the interesting stuff.
It's about time you showed up.
It's about twenty seven kilometres due east.
It's absolutely as it should be.
It's absurd.
It's across the square from the Zanza Men's Dance Palace.
It's activating the reticular formation.
It's actually kind of pretty.
It's agreed.
It's alcohol.
It's all I can do.
It's all a fantasy, and I'm going to end it, no matter what it takes.
It's all about you, isn't it?
It's all become blurred over the last few days.
It's all deception.
It's all down there.
It's all gone.
It's all happening too fast.
It's all much the same thing.
It's all my fault.
It's all over me.
It's all over you.
It's all over, Q.
It's all part of being human.
It's all part of being in Starfleet.
It's all part of the novel.
It's all perfectly logical to you, isn't it?
It's all real.
It's all right here.
It's all right in here in on diagram, Commander.
It's all right now.
It's all right to tell me.
It's all right, Counsellor.
It's all right, Deanna.
It's all right, Madeline, I'll take it in here.
It's all right, Mister Worf.
It's all right, Pran.
It's all right, don't worry about it.
It's all right, it's al right.
It's all right, no one's going to hurt you.
It's all right, sir, I'll see that he leaves immediately.
It's all shut down?
It's all so different.
It's all the space flights.
It's all very real.
It's all very strange.
It's all we've got.
It's all yours, sir.
It's all yours.
It's all, you know, dead, I guess.
It's almost as if her brain has shut itself down.
It's almost as if something has shattered the space-time continuum.
It's almost as if they never really grow up at all, isn't it?
It's almost as though the forty five years in-between never happened.
It's almost beyond belief.
It's almost completely covering the door of shuttlebay two.
It's almost incomprehensible, the amount of energy being expended.
It's almost time.
It's almost too polite.
It's almost undetectable.
It's alone.
It's already killed thousands.
It's alright, Counsellor.
It's also a reference to success, Data.
It's also damned unfair to me.
It's also laid down in a very unusual pattern.
It's also my fault, Captain.
It's also possible that they just want to talk to us.
It's also the mark of a good officer to recognise the difference.
It's always a chess game with them, isn't it?
It's always been this way.
It's always hard to lose someone you care about, but to lose them like this?
It's always in the background, smaller than the others.
It's always sad.
It's always seemed to me to be intoxicating, somehow.
It's amazing how that accent of yours reminds me of your father.
It's amazing people aren't lost all the time.
It's amazing you've survived.
It's amazing, isn't it, the way they're able to sneak into your heart.
It's an Earth drink.
It's an addiction.
It's an amazing coincidence.
It's an ancient ceremony, widely regarded as the most beautiful in the universe.
It's an anti-time eruption.
It's an appealing offer, but I think I'd rather get here on my own merits.
It's an earthquake.
It's an elephant.
It's an energy reading.
It's an exact reproduction of my hand, right down to the DNA structure.
It's an excellent one if you'll just hurry up.
It's an exotic but harmless rhinal virus.
It's an experiment to see how well we react under pressure.
It's an expression, Data.
It's an herbal tea blend.
It's an honour to meet you, Doctor Graves.
It's an honour to meet you, sir.
It's an imperfect solution for an imperfect world.
It's an important lesson, and I admire your lack of resentment, Number One.
It's an inherent weakness in the breed.
It's an interesting anthropological question.
It's an obscene ritual.
It's an old custom.
It's an old earth poem by John Milton.
It's an old folk melody.
It's an old navy phrase, meaning everything in perfect order.
It's an old nursery rhyme.
It's an old-fashioned way of looking at the sexes.
It's an opening, sir.
It's an unlikely place for a woman and child.
It's another dead end.
It's another piece to of puzzle.
It's another woman, ain't it?
It's anticipating.
It's appreciated.
It's approximately seven light years from Federation space.
It's arrogant to think you'll never make a mistake.
It's as if I was in Frame of Mind.
It's as if I were to say to you, Juliet on her balcony.
It's as if all my memories were drained out of me.
It's as if for Counsellor Troi, for three minutes time just stopped.
It's as if it happened last week.
It's as if she led an entire life that I knew nothing about.
It's as if she's generating a disruptive field.
It's as if somebody took my son away and left this stranger in his place.
It's as if someone's trying to access his long-term memory.
It's as if something in him just snapped.
It's as if the energy were pulled right out of her body.
It's as if they're trying to hide something.
It's as if they've been exposed to some kind of high-energy field.
It's as if we were really there.
It's as simple as this.
It's as solid as it'll go, Commander.
It's as though he isn't even here.
It's as though she's been plugged into my subconscious.
It's as though there's a parasite at work.
It's as though we never stopped.
It's as though we've known each other forever.
It's assuming an attack posture.
It's astonishing.
It's astounding.
It's audio only.
It's back to its normal orbit.
It's bad.
It's barbaric.
It's beautiful, but frightening at the same time.
It's become the traditional residence.
It's been a difficult couple of days.
It's been a long time since I really felt like I really belonged somewhere.
It's been a long time since I took genetics, Doctor.
It's been a long war.
It's been a pleasure serving with you, Commander.
It's been a pleasure working with you, Commander.
It's been a while since I've had a decent meal.
It's been a while, but I think I still remember how.
It's been abandoned for centuries.
It's been an honour serving with you.
It's been an interesting visit.
It's been arranged.
It's been completely unresponsive ever since.
It's been days since we've seen or heard from anybody.
It's been depleted by your work with the Cairn.
It's been far too long.
It's been five months since Marc's accident.
It's been fun.
It's been getting stronger the closer we get to those mountains.
It's been going on for over twenty years.
It's been hard taking orders again.
It's been in my family for generations.
It's been in the Howard clan for generations.
It's been melted.
It's been over thirty years since I last saw my archaeology professor.
It's been pretty routine.
It's been rendered inoperable.
It's been sent to Vulcan for identification.
It's been shielded.
It's been so long since I talked to anyone.
It's been so long.
It's been taken.
It's been ten years, but seeing you again like this makes it seem like fifty.
It's been with you a long time.
It's been years since I've had it.
It's been years since old Pardek's been invited to an official function.
It's beginning to collapse.
It's beginning.
It's begun.
It's being fed power from the auxiliary systems.
It's being hit hard, sir.
It's being pursued by an unknown object.
It's believed that they were forced into hiding.
It's best you do not repeat this to the others, especially not to the mother.
It's better than prison.
It's better than standing around helplessly.
It's between Q and myself.
It's bitter.
It's bleeding again.
It's blood and it's sweat.
It's bouncing around more than we are.
It's breathtaking!
It's bred in the bone.
It's broken all right.
It's broken, but it's going to be all right in just a minute.
It's brought out the best in him.
It's brought us peace.
It's called a Horga'hn.
It's called a visor.
It's called an Albeni meditation crystal.
It's called borathium.
It's called flirting.
It's called genetronic replication.
It's called kissing.
It's called passive resistance.
It's called perfume, Data.
It's called the Blue Parrot Cafe, and you're buying.
It's called the crane block.
It's candle time, birthday boy.
It's carrying isomiotic hypos, plasma flares and quarantine pods.
It's caused an energy surge within the subspace pulse.
It's causing him to see images that aren't there.
It's causing him to see things that aren't there.
It's certainly no joke.
It's certainly very exciting work.
It's changed.
It's changing again.
It's changing.
It's characterised by an identical electropathic residue.
It's clear.
It's clearing now, Captain.
It's cloaked itself.
It's close, but it's material beyond our technology.
It's closing.
It's coded personal.
It's collapsing!
It's come back to me, Beverly.
It's coming about.
It's coming apart, Lad.
It's coming from a subspace energy level of sixteen point two keV.
It's coming from the Enterprise deflector array.
It's coming toward us.
It's complete, but I would like to request an addition.
It's completely discharged.
It's completely healed.
It's completely intact.
It's complicated.
It's connected itself to him, like a tether.
It's constantly kicking in to make minute adjustments in the positronic brain.
It's continuing to regenerate.
It's covered up.
It's cracked well beneath the surface.
It's critical that I check on it.
It's curious.
It's damaging, you know that.
It's dangerous to have someone from Starfleet on board.
It's dark magic, Moriarty.
It's days like this I wish I was home.
It's dead ahead, approximately fifty kilometres.
It's defended by Starfleet.
It's definitely a fabrication, sir.
It's difficult to explain.
It's difficult to filter them out.
It's difficult to tell.
It's difficult working in a group when you're omnipotent.
It's difficult.
It's directed down toward the old Bandi city.
It's divided again.
It's done.
It's down on that planet waiting for us to come back.
It's dull, plodding, pedantic, much like yourself.
It's easier this way.
It's easy to let that happen.
It's easy to transfer a problem to someone else.
It's edible, but I wouldn't call it food.
It's eight oh six.
It's elementary, dear Data.
It's elementary, my dear Riker.
It's engines and life support have failed.
It's entirely my fault, Marie.
It's er, very different.
It's everything I've ever dreamed of.
It's everything we could have hoped for.
It's everything you'd hoped.
It's everywhere.
It's evolution.
It's exactly as I explained it in the log records.
It's exactly what happened.
It's exciting to find a new world but the joy comes in making it a home.
It's exciting to have you here.
It's fading.
It's fantastic.
It's far less confusing than the way you normally speak.
It's far less likely in the combined whole.
It's fascinating.
It's feeding off the energy of the Enterprise as it would from its mother.
It's fine the way it is.
It's fine.
It's firing!
It's for Rita.
It's for Wesley, from Jack.
It's for a neighbour's child.
It's for emergencies.
It's for my meeting with Beata.
It's for new plants.
It's for you, Renny I did it for you.
It's forbidden to disturb new plants!
It's forbidden.
It's four billion years old.
It's four decks down, sir.
It's from an unidentified vessel that's entered into orbit with us here.
It's from my planet.
It's from the Klingon shuttle.
It's from the logs of the Brittain.
It's fun to be surprised.
It's general policy.
It's getting dimmer, too.
It's getting higher and higher every time I read it.
It's getting louder!
It's getting much, much colder, sir.
It's getting worse.
It's given our cause a new life, but it asks for our lives in return.
It's giving us a push off.
It's glowing.
It's going away.
It's going to be a genuine pleasure working with you.
It's going to be a little bumpy.
It's going to be a long time before I'm qualified enough to sit here.
It's going to be fun.
It's going to be hard leaving the Enterprise.
It's going to be okay.
It's going to be quite a ride.
It's going to be very difficult to eliminate any possibilities at this point.
It's going to implode.
It's going to slow you down.
It's going to take a little time to explain, Number One.
It's going to take another half an hour for the nacelles to saturate.
It's going to take at least a couple of hours to charge this cell.
It's going to take at least a couple of hours, sir.
It's going to take him a while to recover.
It's going to take some getting used to.
It's going to take some time though.
It's going to take some time to analyse and sort through the details.
It's going to take some time to explain all this, so you'll have to be patient.
It's going to take some time to get over those feelings.
It's going to take some time.
It's going to take three days just to map out one tenth of it.
It's going to take us some time to get the system back online.
It's gone again.
It's gone beyond just the two of us.
It's gone beyond that little game, Mister Data.
It's gone now.
It's gone!
It's gone, Captain.
It's gone, sir.
It's good of you to come with me.
It's good of you to come.
It's good thing you're here.
It's good to have you back again.
It's good to have you back, sir.
It's good to have you back.
It's good to have you home, son.
It's good to meet you.
It's good to see you again, Admiral.
It's good to see you again, Beverly.
It's good to see you again, Jean-Luc, despite your antique humour.
It's good to see you have recovered.
It's good to see you're all right, Commander.
It's good to see you, Will.
It's good you don't feel set back.
It's got a deflector shield.
It's got a nice ring to it.
It's got no bite.
It's got sort of a majestic sound, don't you think?
It's got tens of thousands of light years on it.
It's got to be part of the data processing system.
It's got to be pretty sophisticated to hide an entire planet .
It's got to be some kind of emotional pressure connected with the Stargazer.
It's got to go back.
It's gotten me into plenty of trouble.
It's great but it's good to have a break.
It's great to hear your voice, Captain.
It's grey now.
It's growing even faster than before.
It's half out of the groove.
It's happened before.
It's hard out there.
It's hard to be certain of anything.
It's hard to be philosophical when faced with suffering.
It's hard to believe we have a common ancestry.
It's hard to believe we're about to lose it.
It's hard to describe.
It's hard to grasp the idea of no gender.
It's hard to imagine how much energy is being harnessed in there.
It's hard to know what's going on in his mind right now.
It's hard to play from in here.
It's hard to predict.
It's hard to tell, but he is holding something back.
It's hard to tell.
It's harder for us to keep up with Alexander.
It's having an unusually traumatic effect on everyone.
It's heading for the planet.
It's heading for the test ship.
It's heading toward Federation space.
It's her husband I'm more concerned with at the moment.
It's here and it's precisely on schedule.
It's here this week.
It's his fault!
It's his if he wants it.
It's his loss.
It's his only wish.
It's home.
It's hot in here.
It's how they communicate, and it's how they think.
It's humanly impossible.
It's illegal.
It's immoral.
It's imperative.
It's impolite not to speak aloud.
It's important in a place like Camor.
It's important to me that I don't let you down, Jean-Luc.
It's important to me.
It's important you understand.
It's important.
It's impossible they could be draining all power from all systems.
It's impossible to be exact.
It's impossible to be sure.
It's impossible to say know many.
It's impressive technology, that's for sure.
It's imprinted on us.
It's in Picard's hands, now.
It's in a state of total anarchy.
It's in here somewhere.
It's in it's final stage.
It's in one of our cargo holds.
It's in the computer.
It's in the databanks but it's never been tested.
It's in the impulse engine specifications.
It's in the middle of the Vandor system, a binary star system.
It's in the records, somewhere.
It's in violation of an agreement that the Federation signed in good faith.
It's inappropriate to discuss it at this time.
It's increasing.
It's inevitable.
It's infuriating to be stopped at the threshold of a dream by one's own ship.
It's inorganic.
It's inside of me, Geordi.
It's interesting that you should mention the Horatio.
It's interesting to see the different paths some of their lives have taken.
It's interesting, isn't it?
It's ironic, isn't it?
It's just Beverly.
It's just I feel before we continue it's important you know that.
It's just I know whatever, Leah Brahms and I are going to be good friends.
It's just a baby.
It's just a background fluctuation, Commander.
It's just a computer generated fantasy.
It's just a derelict.
It's just a fad.
It's just a feeling that he's, well, that he's closed part of his mind to me.
It's just a feeling, you know?
It's just a feeling.
It's just a matter of finding it.
It's just a matter of time.
It's just a mechanical problem, though, right?
It's just a mild concussion.
It's just a painting.
It's just a piece of space debris.
It's just a question of when.
It's just a science project.
It's just a standard contract with an unusually long term.
It's just a study of a proto-star cloud.
It's just a toy.
It's just a well known fact.
It's just a, just a mild headache.
It's just an illusion.
It's just another delay.
It's just another interesting intellectual puzzle for you.
It's just as I said.
It's just as hard for us to understand the strange division in your species.
It's just as well.
It's just been commissioned.
It's just cloaked.
It's just designed to be an exercise.
It's just going to blow the emitters again.
It's just hard for you to accept.
It's just hard to see how both stories could be true.
It's just hope, Beverly.
It's just it's been a long time.
It's just like on a holodeck.
It's just like you said.
It's just my regular time to meet with Counsellor Troi.
It's just not the real you.
It's just not there.
It's just not what we do.
It's just obsolete.
It's just one alien that I'm sensing here.
It's just personal opinion, but I like to break up married teams.
It's just routine maintenance on the sensor assemblies.
It's just so easy to forget.
It's just so ridiculous.
It's just something I sense in Odan.
It's just that Barclay's, well, he's my new project.
It's just that Commander Riker came to talk to me this afternoon.
It's just that I am worried about Alexander.
It's just that I can't help thinking how.
It's just that I have these things that I want to do.
It's just that I tell my sister things I wouldn't tell anyone else.
It's just that I want to spend some time together while you're here.
It's just that I've built my whole life on knowing what's going on.
It's just that I've never seen anything bother her before.
It's just that Jean-Luc does a very good imitation of you.
It's just that the choice of where you're going could stand some scrutiny.
It's just that the enormity of what we're doing is overwhelming.
It's just that this is the first time you ever asked.
It's just that we felt so good being together, you know, as a family.
It's just that you are the fifth woman to ask me that question this morning.
It's just that you look very familiar.
It's just that, if she really is dead, I don't know what I'm going to do.
It's just that, well, she's an extraordinary woman.
It's just that, well.
It's just the idea that they even suspect a malfunction.
It's just the right thing to do.
It's just the same old song.
It's just the two of us, in a shuttlecraft for six hours.
It's just too dangerous.
It's just us.
It's just waiting to be found.
It's just we were talking and I forgot I had it in my hand.
It's just we weren't expecting anybody to be up at this hour.
It's just window dressing for a dead man.
It's just you'd usually be the one plotting revenge.
It's just, for some reason I wanted to now.
It's just, how well do you really know him?
It's just, well, I know them.
It's justice.
It's kept us from exploiting a vital area of defence.
It's keyed to galvanic skin responses and DNA patterns.
It's killing them.
It's killing you.
It's kind of like having one hand tied behind your back.
It's kind of you.
It's kind of your captain to ferry me home.
It's kind or wild, but we just might be able to kill two birds with one stone.
It's late and I'm tired.
It's leaking ion radiation.
It's life that throws you for a loop.
It's like I don't know what to do, I don't know what to say.
It's like I'm here, but I'm not here.
It's like a dream come true.
It's like a game.
It's like a giant snow flake crystal, but much more complex.
It's like a hole in space.
It's like a huge honeycomb with an endless number of cells.
It's like a knock at the door.
It's like a knock on the door.
It's like a terrible temper.
It's like a tide that never ebbs.
It's like an Eden here.
It's like candy to them.
It's like falling into a fast moving river and being swept away by the current.
It's like feeling belligerent, combative.
It's like following a trail of bread crumbs.
It's like he's in a coma.
It's like he's just some kid who's far way from home.
It's like he's trying to confuse us, misdirect us somehow.
It's like it belongs to someone else.
It's like looking for a needle in a haystack.
It's like looking into infinity, sir.
It's like my mind keeps wandering.
It's like pacing up and down on the same piece of carpet.
It's like somebody's sticking an ice pick in my temples.
It's like the chicken and the egg, Will, the chicken and the egg!
It's like the entire outpost just vanished.
It's like the eye of a hurricane.
It's like the first time you fall in love.
It's like the ship has suddenly decided to fall apart.
It's like they're imploding.
It's like they're your children.
It's like this place has a voice and is trying to speak to us.
It's like trying to remember a dream.
It's like waking up from a nightmare and not remembering what it was about.
It's like waking up from a nightmare.
It's like we're laboratory animals.
It's like we're victims of a two hundred year old joke.
It's like you're not there.
It's localised to this segment of the net.
It's looking over everything, Commander, going to school.
It's lovely I can understand why you are reluctant to leave, Mister Conor.
It's made me take a hard look at who I am.
It's madness.
It's making me crazy.
It's making me emotional.
It's making noises.
It's masking her signal.
It's me he wants.
It's me, Mommy.
It's meaningless.
It's meant to operate above three percent.
It's medicinal.
It's microscopic.
It's mine.
It's modifying the emitter diode to project something.
It's mom.
It's more Romulans showing up.
It's more efficient.
It's more like an intoxication.
It's more like remembering an emotion.
It's more of a piece of jewellry than a weapon.
It's more serious than that.
It's more than I can stand.
It's more than I know how to deal with.
It's more than just a cloak.
It's more than just being too busy.
It's more than just letting them cry on your shoulder.
It's moving, sir.
It's much harder than you think.
It's much the same construction we saw in the underground tunnel.
It's much to violent.
It's mummified.
It's murder, Holmes, murder most foul.
It's mutually beneficial.
It's my away team you're sending in there.
It's my belief, Number One, that you're best qualified to supervise that.
It's my decision.
It's my duty to help those who are hurt.
It's my father's recipe.
It's my fault that this happened.
It's my house on Earth.
It's my house.
It's my last option, Picard.
It's my laughing hour.
It's my mother, Captain.
It's my mother.
It's my old ship.
It's my own modification.
It's my pleasure, Number One.
It's my ship, Will.
It's my testimony and it's the truth.
It's my turn, isn't it?
It's narrower over here.
It's never been about possessions.
It's never been done, Doctor.
It's never come up.
It's never easy to leave one's home, the safe and the familiar.
It's never funny to the one getting fooled.
It's never quite that simple, not even for a Vulcan.
It's never the same.
It's nice to have you here, Ensign.
It's nice to meet you.
It's nice to see you again, Captain.
It's nice to see, isn't it?
It's no better than turning it over to the computer, but no worse either.
It's no bother, Wesley.
It's no fun going into a game when you know you're going to lose.
It's no good, sir.
It's no good, the signal's gone.
It's no problem.
It's no secret that I don't like people much, and I like doctors even less.
It's no weapon.
It's no wonder, with all this going on.
It's not Gregory Quinn.
It's not Will.
It's not a computer problem.
It's not a decision I can make quickly.
It's not a delusion.
It's not a dream at all.
It's not a fair test.
It's not a malfunction.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a parasite, Doctor.
It's not a person, damn it, it's a Borg!
It's not a phaser, it's a knife.
It's not a promising beginning.
It's not a question of harm.
It's not a real person, Lutan.
It's not all on your head, Admiral.
It's not an act of aggression.
It's not as simple as that.
It's not as though I was offering to help you find it.
It's not contagious.
It's not crazy about it.
It's not dead, it's been replicated.
It's not easy for me to take corporeal form.
It's not easy having an overbearing parent.
It's not entirely real.
It's not every day a man comes face to face with his dream.
It's not exactly warp speed.
It's not explainable.
It's not fair, Doc.
It's not fair.
It's not finished.
It's not for you to apologise.
It's not for you to make the call.
It's not for you.
It's not functioning any longer.
It's not going to be any easier tomorrow.
It's not going to be easy to figure out where this thing came from.
It's not going to be easy to reproduce what Data did.
It's not going to be easy, but we need to work together.
It's not going to be easy.
It's not going to be me.
It's not going to look good for you.
It's not going to work this time.
It's not going to work, Nagilum.
It's not good enough.
It's not good to advise people about their first love affairs.
It's not good, sir.
It's not happening.
It's not her fault.
It's not him I'm inclined to judge.
It's not him, Will.
It's not hot.
It's not important?
It's not in here.
It's not irrelevant, Hugh.
It's not just his willful attitude.
It's not just lethal.
It's not just me, Will.
It's not just my opinion.
It's not just people.
It's not just that.
It's not just us.
It's not like Beverly at all.
It's not like Data to be so secretive.
It's not like any sensor system I've ever seen.
It's not like anything anyone has ever experienced before.
It's not like him to the post.
It's not like that, I swear.
It's not locked.
It's not much of a programme.
It's not much, but every little bit going to help.
It's not my concern.
It's not my exams I'm worried about.
It's not my place to say.
It's not necessary, Mister Data.
It's not often we get to entertain the command crew of the flagship.
It's not only that.
It's not open for debate.
It's not our help they want.
It's not our place to interfere.
It's not our position to interfere in the domestic affairs of other societies.
It's not over between us, Lwaxana.
It's not over yet, Wesley.
It's not over, Wesley.
It's not quite as bad as I remembered it.
It's not quite his style.
It's not quite the same for us as it is for you, Data.
It's not real and it's over now.
It's not responding, sir.
It's not right.
It's not safe out here.
It's not set up to detect neutrinos.
It's not so bad, Captain.
It's not so easy to push through any more.
It's not something I really like to talk about.
It's not something I want people to see.
It's not something I'm not prepared to do.
It's not something I've exactly had time for.
It's not supposed to.
It's not that simple, Captain.
It's not that synthehol bilge that O'Brien offered me, is it?
It's not that we don't believe you.
It's not that you did anything wrong, Wes.
It's not that.
It's not the Klingon way, right?
It's not the first bone I've ever broken.
It's not the kind of thing you just forget.
It's not the most luxurious accommodation Starfleet has to offer.
It's not the ones that I've studied for that I'm worried about.
It's not the point.
It's not the season for lightning.
It's not the time.
It's not the way this may look.
It's not their way.
It's not theoretical, it's not hypothetical, it's real.
It's not there any more.
It's not too late to change your mind.
It's not true, Father.
It's not true.
It's not uncommon.
It's not unlike much the history of my own planet.
It's not unrealistic to believe that she might have a counterpart, a consort.
It's not up to us to judge their laws, Doctor.
It's not up to you, or to Okona.
It's not us I'm worried about, it's that storage unit.
It's not warm enough, not for an old man.
It's not water.
It's not what you expected, is it.
It's not without its element of humour.
It's not working again.
It's not working right.
It's not worth playing this game.
It's not you I hate, Cardassian.
It's not your business.
It's not your fault.
It's not your place to punish me for what I did at the Academy.
It's not.
It's nothing personal.
It's nothing these people have done.
It's nothing to be embarrassed about.
It's nothing to worry about though.
It's nothing to worry about, sir.
It's nothing to worry about.
It's nothing urgent.
It's nothing you can help me with.
It's nothing, it's superficial.
It's nothing, just a little cold.
It's nothing.
It's now or never.
It's now time to see if you can dance.
It's obvious who the two challengers are.
It's obviously been tempered and milled.
It's odd that the Enterprise wasn't advised.
It's off the scale, sir.
It's okay if you feel that way toward me.
It's okay, Captain.
It's okay, Dad.
It's old news to me.
It's old, Captain.
It's on deck seven.
It's on its way.
It's on me, partner.
It's on nanotechnology.
It's on our way.
It's on page 244.
It's one of my favourite places.
It's one of the Enterprises.
It's one of the messages I left on your desk.
It's one of the reasons, yes.
It's one of the subjects I wanted to discuss.
It's one possibility.
It's one sure way into the record books, eh?
It's one that all Betazoid women must deal with as they enter mid-life.
It's only a few minutes from here.
It's only a temporary solution, but it should suffice for now.
It's only fair to mention Wesley in a log entry, sir.
It's only natural that there would be some resistance.
It's only natural.
It's only now that your life form merits serious attention.
It's only partially effective.
It's only possible use could be as a weapon.
It's only the two of us left.
It's only three days away.
It's only used for defence.
It's only.
It's our best shot.
It's our memorial service.
It's our new first officer.
It's our only chance to avoid evacuation.
It's our only working theory for now.
It's our poker night, Admiral.
It's ours now.
It's ours, not yours.
It's out of sequence.
It's out of synch with the aft sensors.
It's over there.
It's over, Baran.
It's over, Q!
It's over, Sovak.
It's overloading the systems.
It's overriding our control systems.
It's overwhelming to have so much of your life missing.
It's overwhelming.
It's part of being human, Jono.
It's part of her aging programme.
It's part of her running project to give me a green thumb.
It's part of my job, yes.
It's part of the human experience.
It's past fourteen hundred hours.
It's pasta al fiorella.
It's patterns of force everywhere.
It's perfection.
It's perfectly fine.
It's perfectly understandable.
It's personal.
It's pieced together from words he's used on the intercom.
It's planned month by month, decade by decade?
It's playing ball.
It's possible and yet it's not possible.
It's possible that all of this is in your mind.
It's possible that they may have been captured.
It's possible there's something that I missed.
It's possible they could still be carrying a harmful organism.
It's possible they didn't know how fragile the humans aboard actually were.
It's possible we may even be able to run secondary systems through Data.
It's possible, but I don't see how it could have happened.
It's possible, but the more ships, the bigger the net we can throw.
It's possible, but they wouldn't be able to stay in there for very long.
It's pretty bad, Commander.
It's pretty heavily shielded.
It's pretty obvious how you feel.
It's pretty well covered in Academy training now, Captain.
It's probably Romulan but we can't be sure.
It's probably best when you do something like this.
It's probably different in every cell.
It's probably just a fool's echo.
It's probably just routine.
It's probably nothing.
It's protected.
It's protecting Kevin and Rishon.
It's psychologically valid.
It's purpose is to serve human needs and interests.
It's putting out a lot of radiation.
It's quite all right, sir, I understand.
It's quite difficult.
It's quite extraordinary.
It's quite good.
It's quite possibly one of the greatest things in the universe.
It's rather boring.
It's really an ugly feeling I don't like being so out of control.
It's really beautiful, whatever it is.
It's really hard for me to separate my feelings for them.
It's really hard to say.
It's really not necessary.
It's really quite fascinating.
It's really quite intriguing.
It's really quite rare.
It's really sweet of you.
It's really very simple.
It's resuming its course to Earth, sir.
It's revolting.
It's ridiculous, and wonderful.
It's right next door.
It's right up here.
It's right.
It's roamed the universe for many thousands of years.
It's roughly analogous to the way terran leeches consume haemoglobin.
It's sacred to us.
It's safe to say that you're his best friend.
It's safe.
It's safer.
It's salvage value is quite low.
It's scrambling the sensors, Captain.
It's senseless for this stranger to be held captive.
It's several hours away then?
It's several kilometres to find another way around that ridge.
It's showing the infection rates, percentage illness increases.
It's simple yet efficient enough.
It's simply a matter of never being able to leave.
It's simply out of the question.
It's simply that a minute defocused area has developed.
It's six bits a day or four dollars a week.
It's slow to assimilate, difficult to replicate, and hard to transport.
It's slow work.
It's slowing down.
It's small enough to have entered through any of the mucous membranes.
It's so beautiful!
It's so big.
It's so cold in here.
It's so good to see you.
It's so good.
It's so hard.
It's so like my mother to do the unexpected.
It's so silly.
It's so single minded, isn't it?
It's so strange.
It's so very good to see you.
It's some Risian gadget that fits over your ear.
It's some damn virus they've sicked on me.
It's some kind of system-wide histaminic reaction.
It's something I have learned.
It's something of which I do not approve.
It's something that Commander Riker brought back from Risa.
It's something that occurs to Betazoid females as they enter mid-life.
It's something the Captain mentioned.
It's something we eat after the main course.
It's something you can teach me.
It's something, isn't it?
It's sort of a multi-purpose deck.
It's spoiled you.
It's spread to the spinal column.
It's starting to chain.
It's starting to get busy around here.
It's still a little vague, but I can remember more this time.
It's still bleeding.
It's still coming toward us.
It's still headed for the Brechtian Cluster.
It's still intact.
It's still on a course for Lemma Two.
It's still running.
It's still there!
It's stimulating the septal area.
It's such a pleasure to cut.
It's such a romantic setting.
It's such a shame.
It's such a waste.
It's supposed to symbolise the enduring Howard spirit.
It's taken your memory.
It's taking longer than we anticipated to categorise these specimens.
It's that floozy down there at Miss Langford's house of pleasure.
It's that important to the mission.
It's that important to you?
It's that important?
It's that obvious?
It's that smell.
It's that time again.
It's the Algolian ceremonial rhythm that the musician played at the reception.
It's the Bynars, and you're part of this.
It's the Captain's voice.
It's the Enterprise, isn't it?
It's the Enterprise.
It's the Irumodic Syndrome.
It's the Yamato, Captain.
It's the Yamato, our sister ship.
It's the act of a Starfleet officer obeying his Captain, Doctor.
It's the automated salesman who greeted us on the Enterprise.
It's the best food around.
It's the best part of being on the Enterprise.
It's the centrepiece of the whole unit.
It's the children.
It's the collective minds of all of them.
It's the crystal image Lore described.
It's the custom usually in a situation like this, for us to serve ourselves.
It's the effort that counts.
It's the expectation of any officer to be ordered to die at any time.
It's the experience.
It's the eyes, I think.
It's the faulty reading I reported, sir.
It's the field generator that Apgar during in his research.
It's the first step in purging the plasma exhaust.
It's the first thing he's ever bought into that worked.
It's the first thing you've said I do understand.
It's the first thought I have when I wake up, and the last before I go to bed.
It's the first time in almost twenty years.
It's the gentlest way.
It's the ghastly truth, Mister Data.
It's the human future which intrigues us, and should concern you most.
It's the initial symptom of the disease.
It's the injectors.
It's the inverter.
It's the last thing I remember.
It's the look in your eyes.
It's the middle of summer.
It's the most sophisticated piece of machinery ever built.
It's the nearest inhabited planet, the people are friendly.
It's the nearest one to our last position.
It's the new therapy I'm taking.
It's the new treatment.
It's the only explanation.
It's the only way I could trace the access codes.
It's the only way of life she's ever known.
It's the only way to beat him.
It's the only way to prove they're harmless.
It's the only way we're ever going to get any answers.
It's the other way around.
It's the people from the capsule.
It's the perfect job for an exocomp.
It's the perfect opportunity.
It's the plasma conduit we installed with the new warp core.
It's the power transfer from the Enterprise.
It's the prosthetic eye.
It's the psych test.
It's the result of a ninety years of combined effort.
It's the right decision, but it's having the opposite effect.
It's the same Bridge.
It's the same old story for the Cardassians.
It's the same pattern we saw in Engineering.
It's the same thing with the phase shift in my visor.
It's the same with Doctor Crusher's play, and with the food replicators.
It's the shuttlepod Mendez stole from the Aries.
It's the specs that Kosinski sent us.
It's the station administrator, Mister Orton.
It's the styrolite.
It's the tenth anniversary of Worf's Age of Ascension.
It's the time allotted that concerns me.
It's the truth.
It's the volcanic dust I'm worried about.
It's the way your left eyebrow raises when your bluffing.
It's the whole experience.
It's the whole point of this place.
It's the woman in Wyatt's drawings.
It's their food.
It's their way, Lieutenant.
It's them.
It's there.
It's this girl they beamed up, Geordi.
It's three o'clock in the morning.
It's through here.
It's time I accept the truth, Captain, and resign as ship's counsellor.
It's time I acted my age.
It's time for another lesson.
It's time for us to have a talk, so lower your shields.
It's time for you return to the ship, Mister La Forge.
It's time for you to lead our people into a new era.
It's time that I was going.
It's time to discuss the future of this mission, if there still is one.
It's time to go home.
It's time to go see the launching.
It's time to go, sweetheart.
It's time to put aside all doubts, brother.
It's time to spread our net.
It's time to throw that book away.
It's time you adjusted your programme to accept reality.
It's time you took my advice.
It's time, Captain.
It's time, sir.
It's too bad there aren't any more of you around.
It's too bad we can't get used to it together.
It's too bad.
It's too close to be a coincidence.
It's too dangerous, Captain.
It's too early to say.
It's too far down there.
It's too great a risk.
It's too great a temptation for us at our present stage of development.
It's too heavy.
It's too high.
It's too late for charades.
It's too late to back off now.
It's too late!
It's too much of a risk.
It's too old.
It's too radical an approach.
It's too soon to tell.
It's tortuous.
It's total shock.
It's totally inappropriate.
It's tough to get accurate sensor readings.
It's tough to isolate who's talking to who.
It's tough to tell other people what to do.
It's tough to tell, Commander.
It's traditional for the birthday boy to cut the cake.
It's tragic.
It's transforming her DNA to match its own.
It's transmitting no ID signal, Captain.
It's true he will always be a part of me.
It's true, I don't fully understand Talarians.
It's true, Picard.
It's trying to project something.
It's turning yellowish.
It's twenty two seventy eight.
It's twenty years too late.
It's twice as strong as anything they've ever seen.
It's two days before your unfortunate encounter with a Nausicaan sword.
It's two ten.
It's uncanny.
It's unclear what's happened to him.
It's unclear.
It's uncloaking.
It's undamaged.
It's under attack.
It's understandable, sir.
It's understandable.
It's unfair.
It's unfocused.
It's unjustified.
It's unlike Commander Riker not to follow procedure.
It's unthinkable.
It's up to him, and he's stopped cooperating.
It's up to them now.
It's up to them to decide which is better.
It's up to you to hang on to it.
It's up to you, Captain.
It's urgent.
It's us before we stepped into the turbolift.
It's us.
It's using Susanna's immune system to spread genetic instructions.
It's usually dark and secluded, and I believe this is it.
It's usually very sweet, it's usually very bad for you.
It's very attractive.
It's very bad for the brainpaths in the long term.
It's very clear that the boy does not respond well to women.
It's very complicated.
It's very confusing.
It's very dull.
It's very frustrating.
It's very generous, Worf, but he's not a Klingon child.
It's very good.
It's very hard on him, too.
It's very important to him.
It's very important to us, and perhaps to you, to know what it is.
It's very impressive.
It's very nutritious.
It's very powerful.
It's very relaxing.
It's very simple really.
It's very unlocalised.
It's very unstable.
It's very unusual.
It's very weak.
It's very, very touchy.
It's viability is extremely low.
It's vicious.
It's virtually deserted.
It's waiting for us.
It's wasn't that.
It's weakening his autonomic nervous system.
It's what I am.
It's what I'm expected to do.
It's what all conquerors say.
It's what it's been all along, sir.
It's what we do with those feelings that becomes good or bad.
It's what you were meant to do.
It's whole.
It's winning.
It's won't be clear until after an autopsy.
It's won't turn out that way, Captain.
It's working, Annie.
It's worse than it's ever been before.
It's worse than we suspected.
It's wrong, Nick.
It's you, Captain.
It's you, Data.
It's your bet, Sam.
It's your bet, Taurik.
It's your bet.
It's your call.
It's your choice, Mister La Forge.
It's your choice, Robin.
It's your choice, Will.
It's your daughter.
It's your duty, because you are their leader.
It's your father.
It's your fault.
It's your home and it will always be your home.
It's your job to order Toreth to proceed into Federation territory.
It's your job to see to it that he does, Jean-Luc.
It's your lucky day, Data.
It's your only way out of here, my alien.
It's your pet spider.
It's your reputation that's on the line.
It's your signal.
It's your turn, Wesley.
It's yours, Jean-Luc.
It's yours, for the right price.
It's yours.
It's, er, it's for the children.
It's, it's a power fluctuation in the converter nodes.
It's, it's, I, when I'm in there I'm just more comfortable.
Its bearing indicates a possible collision course.
Its bioelectric patterns are similar to those of the alien's.
Its capabilities are limited.
Its cargo holds are empty.
Its cellular structure appears to be in a state of mitosis.
Its computers will answer your orders.
Its configuration does not match anything in our records.
Its defences are apparently able to absorb incoming matter and energy.
Its design is completely foreign.
Its dimensions indicate that it is a scout ship similar to the one that crashed.
Its early symptoms include sudden bursts of emotion, mostly irrational anger.
Its energy level has risen by a factor of ninety six.
Its energy signature matches that of the temporal fragments we observed earlier.
Its energy source is unknown.
Its findings are limited.
Its hardware built by a man.
Its inhabitants have been fighting throughout their recorded history.
Its line is both fluid and formal, yet retains an unpremeditated quality.
Its mind is much too powerful.
Its molecular pattern enhancer would have picked up even the smallest crack.
Its needs are to slaughter people by the thousands.
Its purpose is exploration.
Its recorded wind velocity was characteristic of a funnel three times its size.
Its responses dictated by an elaborate software programme written by a man.
Its shields are holding.
Its shields are up.
Its signature is consistent with Bok's transporter.
Its size and composition match the probe which scanned the Yamato, sir.
Its strings have been cut.
Its sun went nova more than a thousand years ago.
Its telemetry failed.
Its thermal properties all seem to conform to known materials.
Its trajectory is moving directly into the planet's atmosphere.
Its velocity is increasing.
Its very concept is flawed.
Its warp coils had collapsed, life support was failing.
Itself or it's own power source.
Itself, then.
Iw bIQtIqDaq jIjaH.
J'Dan did not make friends easily.
J'Dan has admitted his guilt.
J'Dan used suspensions of deoxyribose to carry the encoded files he stole.
J14 baker backs onto science station two, Commander.
JIH DoQ batlh!
JIH dok.
JIbechrup may' vIlos.
Ja'rod, father of Duras.
Jack London.
Jack died when he was five.
Jack kept telling him.
Jack recorded a holographic message to Wesley just after he was born.
Jack sent it to me while I was still in medical school.
Jack was going to make many more of them.
Jacket.
Jake, I'm sorry.
Jake, listen very carefully.
Jake, wait a second.
Jakmanite has a half life of fifteen seconds.
Jalad of the Kituay.
Jalad on the ocean.
James has explained it to me.
James has told me all about you.
James!
James, when we go leave here, where exactly are we going?
James?
Jameson has to pay for his crimes.
Jameson is a man of more than eighty years, not this.
Jameson prepare to beam down.
Jameson should beam down now.
Jameson told you this.
Jameson, I have to ask the Admiral some questions.
Jameson.
Janet.
Jared, you must secure the release of my people.
Jared, you're a wise and experienced leader, and I assume you trust your senses?
Jared.
Jason Vigo is as good as dead.
Jason Vigo is in holodeck four.
Jason is.
Jason's quarters.
Jason, I think it's important that we find out one way or another.
Jason, I'm an old friend of your mother's.
Jason, isn't there some way that I can be a father to you?
Jason, when your mother and I parted, I lost track of her completely.
Jason.
Jatlh!
Jayden I tried to give father his broth, but he won't eat.
Jayden what are you doing?
Jayden, huh?
Jayden, put it down.
Jayden, why are you wearing that hood?
Jayden.
Jayden?
Je suis heureux de vous connaitre.
Je suis ne a la New Orleans.
Jealousy doesn't suit you, Jean-Luc.
Jealousy.
Jean-Luc Picard, class of twenty seven.
Jean-Luc Picard?
Jean-Luc has lost a lot more than that.
Jean-Luc has told me all about you.
Jean-Luc, I cannot just drop this.
Jean-Luc, I care for you too much not to tell you the truth.
Jean-Luc, I could make that an order.
Jean-Luc, I heard you.
Jean-Luc, I need to talk to you about Something for Breakfast.
Jean-Luc, I scanned for evidence of Irumodic Syndrome, as you suggested.
Jean-Luc, I told you not to go running off to that Academy.
Jean-Luc, I was too harsh.
Jean-Luc, I was with him right before he died.
Jean-Luc, I'm afraid I haven't been totally honest with you.
Jean-Luc, I'm sorry.
Jean-Luc, I'm telling you this is over twenty four hours of growth.
Jean-Luc, I'm worried.
Jean-Luc, be honest with your doctor.
Jean-Luc, come in.
Jean-Luc, crossing into Klingon territory.
Jean-Luc, don't tell me how you did it.
Jean-Luc, he would never knowingly do anything to hurt anyone.
Jean-Luc, here is a little of the forty seven.
Jean-Luc, if I might ask, how many people are there on board?
Jean-Luc, isn't it?
Jean-Luc, it's a difficult journey.
Jean-Luc, it's wonderful to see you again.
Jean-Luc, leave him alone.
Jean-Luc, let's be candid for a moment.
Jean-Luc, look at your team for a minute.
Jean-Luc, the Talarians have been known to be ruthless to their enemies.
Jean-Luc, this is not a symbiotic relationship.
Jean-Luc, wait!
Jean-Luc, we need to talk.
Jean-Luc, what are you saying?
Jean-Luc, what's going on?
Jean-Luc, you are full of surprises today.
Jean-Luc, you do care.
Jean-Luc, you don't have the slightest idea what I'm talking about, do you.
Jean-Luc.
Jeez, Dix.
Jellico out.
Jenice.
Jenna knows that and she has obviously decided to take the chance.
Jenna seemed to be displaying genuine affection for me.
Jenna, you are repeating yourself.
Jenna.
Jenna?
Jeremiah Rossa.
Jeremiah?
Jeremy Aster?
Jeremy must come to terms with his grief.
Jeremy, I don't know what that was, but it was not your mother.
Jeremy, I have some bad news.
Jeremy, I know your mother loved you very much.
Jeremy, I'm going to find you.
Jeremy, I'm not going to leave you ever again.
Jeremy, come here.
Jeremy, isn't that really Patches?
Jeremy, it's time for this to end.
Jeremy, on the starship Enterprise, no one is alone.
Jeremy, she appears to be your mother, but she is not.
Jeremy?
Jerry Lewis.
Jessel, ask Professor Ripper to take over my lecture for tomorrow.
Jessel.
Jev is making a reasonable request, Captain.
Jev, I'm not accusing you of anything.
Jev, you're upset.
Jev.
Jev?
Jewels.
Ji'ko to'val!
Jik'ta.
Jimmy Cuzzo.
Jimmy.
Jiri of Ubaya.
Jitters.
Jo'Bril was a Takaran, the first one I'd ever met.
Jo'Bril's death had raised a lot of questions.
Job?
John Keats.
John!
John, I really want to thank you.
John, I want you to join us.
John, listen to me.
John, tell me.
John, where do you have to go?
John, your memory, has it returned?
Johnny, don't sneak up on me like that.
Join La Forge down below in Engineering, Number One.
Join me in the R'uustai, the Bonding.
Join me in transporter room three for an away team.
Join me, Riker.
Join the senior officers in the Observation lounge at oh nine hundred hours.
Join us, Worf, and usher in a new era for our people.
Join us, Worf, and we will usher in a new era and regain our family name.
Join with me, Gowron.
Joking?
Jolan Tru, Mister Spock.
Jolan Tru.
Jolting Joe, the Yankee clipper.
Jomiael hahnalia ma marou nitalia.
Jono broke his ribs riding on a t'stayan.
Jono, I want you to stop this immediately!
Jono, let me show you what I do when I get those feelings.
Jono, my son.
Jono, what is it?
Jono, where are you?
Jono, why did you do it?
Jono, why do you make that noise?
Jono, you're not going to die at my hands or anyone else's.
Jono, your Captain, Endar, has he ever hurt you?
Jono, your parents were killed by Talarians.
Joret will attempt to talk his way past the patrol.
Josh Albert?
Josh and I went to Calgary last month.
Josh didn't let us down, sir.
Josh was our friend.
Josh wasn't responsible for what happened.
Josh, you're with us.
Joy and happiness.
Judge Advocate General's Report.
Judge for yourself.
Judging from the severity of bombardment, I doubt any Iconians survived.
Jump directly to warp six.
Jump.
Junction C twelve.
Jung called it owning your own shadow.
Junior adjutant.
Junior member, huh?
Jupiter to Saturn and back once a day, every day.
Just Rex, that's all.
Just a couple of TKLs.
Just a few minutes and then we're going to have to shut down again.
Just a few moments.
Just a few pieces of equipment necessary for security reasons.
Just a few seconds.
Just a game.
Just a joke.
Just a little light-headed.
Just a little misunderstanding.
Just a little more time.
Just a little numb, that's all.
Just a little preoccupied.
Just a little shaken.
Just a little weak and light-headed.
Just a look, at the Bridge.
Just a lot of vague talk about strange patterns, irrational proposals.
Just a minute, Commander.
Just a moment of discomfort for a good cause, DaiMon.
Just a moment please.
Just a moment, Number One!
Just a moment.
Just a non-commissioned child.
Just a number?
Just a preliminary conversation.
Just a routine medical checkup.
Just a sensor glitch?
Just a short while ago, I had to stop myself from killing Commander Riker.
Just a shuttlecraft.
Just a walking tin can with circuits for intestines.
Just a warning shot.
Just an acquaintance of mine.
Just an old man's fantasies.
Just an unfortunate truth.
Just another day at the office?
Just another hour or so.
Just another second.
Just another spatial anomaly?
Just answer me.
Just as I expected.
Just as I thought.
Just as at one time you did not know how to weave cloth, how to make a bow.
Just as before, going to Worf first.
Just as long as it isn't us.
Just as they're aware you failed to tempt a human to join you.
Just as we're checking it out.
Just as you are.
Just as you fear me.
Just as you should, Captain.
Just as you're learning.
Just ask for anything you want, and you shall have it.
Just be gone.
Just be here for him now.
Just be quiet.
Just be sure and record the rate of mitosis from each of the dishes.
Just be with him.
Just be with me.
Just be yourself.
Just bear with me.
Just because a girl runs out, doesn't mean she doesn't wish you to follow.
Just because he's sixty!
Just because our transporter is real doesn't mean it's going to work.
Just because something's old doesn't mean you throw it away.
Just because we don't have gender doesn't mean we don't have conflicts.
Just before he jumped, he seemed almost calm.
Just before the second time we were hit.
Just before we cross the border, we'll send out a massive tachyon pulse.
Just body changes.
Just bypass the secondary cut-off valve and boost the flow.
Just came back from the Academy.
Just checking the time.
Just confuse them long enough to reach Vulcan.
Just consider the possibility.
Just deal.
Just dinna light that candle.
Just do as I say.
Just do what I tell you, and you won't have to worry.
Just don't be late for your shift.
Just don't count me out too quickly.
Just don't expect a lot of conversation.
Just don't leave me.
Just don't look down.
Just don't point that thing at me.
Just don't volunteer any new information.
Just down this corridor.
Just dream, Data.
Just eat.
Just enjoy the game.
Just explain it to me.
Just explain what brought us here.
Just finished.
Just follow my lead with the Ambassador.
Just for a little while.
Just for a moment, you seemed familiar.
Just for him?
Just for the moment lets say that you're right.
Just get on with it, Doctor.
Just give me a few more seconds.
Just give me a moment.
Just give me one more second.
Just give me one of your shuttlecraft, and allow us to leave in peace.
Just give me water!
Just go back to Ten Forward.
Just go, please.
Just good memories.
Just great.
Just half an hour ago he was crying like a baby.
Just have Mister Data fetch me in a shuttle.
Just hear what I have to say.
Just her.
Just hold on.
Just hoping this isn't the usual way our missions will go, sir.
Just how did this contaminant get aboard the ship?
Just how far have these things evolved?
Just how many of our ships were lost?
Just human nature, Data.
Just in case Taris's engineer is not as efficient as our Mister La Forge.
Just in case something goes wrong down there.
Just in case you're not promoted.
Just in time.
Just keep alert, stay calm.
Just keep talking to me.
Just kicked in without any warning.
Just kidding, Commander.
Just kidding, Doctor.
Just leave me alone!
Just left me to go quietly mad.
Just let all the heat bleed away into space.
Just let go.
Just let it go.
Just let me back in there and we'll forget the whole thing.
Just let me check something.
Just let me know what you need.
Just lie still for a while.
Just lie still.
Just like a feeling of deja vu.
Just like a lens.
Just like all the others.
Just like always.
Just like him.
Just like his mother.
Just like me.
Just like the Brittain.
Just like the Ferengi ship.
Just like they tried to give you everything you wanted.
Just like this one.
Just like this.
Just like what happened in the nacelle tube.
Just listen to the sound of my voice.
Just look around, pal.
Just look at him.
Just look at that face.
Just look up and follow me.
Just make sure we keep enough data lines open for stellar physics.
Just more shields.
Just my little brother and me, and mother.
Just need a few more seconds.
Just not one who stands out.
Just not very good.
Just official concern for my well being?
Just one game.
Just one more test.
Just one of our hand phasers could finish off an entire regiment.
Just one of the boys, ay?
Just one question.
Just one thing.
Just one, please.
Just one, sir.
Just one.
Just over two hours from now.
Just passionate about our cause.
Just performing some routine adjustments.
Just pilot the shuttle, Ensign.
Just plain old Barclay, huh.
Just positive ones, sir.
Just put in your vector coordinates.
Just put it out of your head.
Just put them anywhere.
Just relax.
Just remember it's you they draw strength from.
Just remember, Enterprise.
Just remove the control rod, drain the unit.
Just right.
Just run through a level four series, and then call it a night, huh?
Just say yes.
Just say, 'Hi, I'm Wesley Crusher.
Just scrapes and bruises, I think.
Just show us to our quarters, Captain Picard.
Just shy.
Just so we understand each other, my orders don't include rescue missions.
Just so you don't harm my son.
Just some folks, some suds, and some sounds.
Just some minor smoke inhalation and a hairline fracture of the tibia.
Just stand still and listen.
Just stay right where you are.
Just stay where you are.
Just stop that.
Just stored.
Just surrounded my patient.
Just take it easy.
Just take me anywhere on deck thirty six!
Just take my hand.
Just take twelve point five million, the purchase price of this hotel.
Just talk with her.
Just tell her I'll be in shuttlebay two.
Just tell him Gloria's here.
Just tell me there's some chocolate here.
Just tell me what I have to do.
Just tell us how you recognise it.
Just tell us where to find Barclay.
Just that he was in Starfleet.
Just that.
Just the computer.
Just the entire section.
Just the man I need.
Just the opposite.
Just the same, let's keep the shields up for the time being.
Just the way you left it, maybe a little better.
Just think about it.
Just this once.
Just thought I could be of some help.
Just throw on any old thing.
Just tired of bumping into you every thirty seconds.
Just to be safe, I'd like you to stay in our quarters until it's solved.
Just to be sure, I'll sweep your quarters with a resonance scanner.
Just to celebrate.
Just to get to play him is a privilege.
Just to live between the stars, have the entire galaxy as a home.
Just to sleep together for warmth.
Just try it once.
Just try it, shorty.
Just try it.
Just try to keep my ears on straight today, all right?
Just try to relax.
Just trying to survive on instinct.
Just two questions.
Just under two seconds.
Just wait six months before you leave.
Just wait, you'll see.
Just waiting to insert the modules.
Just waking up here.
Just watch yourself.
Just wedding nerves.
Just what I want to be.
Just what are you doing with those lamps?
Just what are your plans, Mister Okona?
Just what is the evidence against my officer?
Just what it sounds like.
Just what you'd expect from a stellar nursery.
Just where I had left it.
Just where does she think you're calling from?
Just where would Soong position such a device?
Just wonderful.
Just wondering.
Just worried so much, he never realised it.
Just you, Galen.
Just your basic ionic cyclone.
Just your obedience.
Just, you know.
Justman to Enterprise.
K twelve, J nine, deck thirty.
K'Ehleyr was my mate.
K'Ehleyr!
K'Mongi B'Mus.
K'Nor and Bar'el.
K'Tal, perhaps.
K'Tal, this Council knows the law of heredity well.
K'adlo.
K'mpec believed that it was either Duras or Gowron.
K'mpec is dying.
K'mpec urged me to drop my challenge, abandon my family honour.
K'mpec was also stubborn.
K'mpec was old and weak.
K'mpec would remember Kahlest.
K'mpec!
K'mpec, who ruled the Klingon Empire longer than anyone in history, is dead.
K'mpec, you cannot possibly be serious.
K'mpec.
K'mtar, that is enough.
KAREEN.
Kahless can be that leader, as Emperor.
Kahless has returned.
Kahless held his father's lifeless body in his arms.
Kahless is our future.
Kahless left us.
Kahless wants you to join him in Sto-Vo-Kor.
Kahless was determined to teach his brother a lesson because he had told a lie.
Kahless would rather die than live under Molor's tyranny.
Kahless, may I ask you about death and Sto-Vo-Kor?
Kahless, may I present Gowron, Leader of the High Council.
Kahless?
Kahlest, would they recognise you?
Kahlest, you can go now.
Kahlest.
Kahlest?
Kailash.
Kalita, get one of the medkits.
Kalita, she'll stay with you until we can find her a room.
Kallisko, change course.
Kamala is the key to peace between our two worlds.
Kamala, have I not done everything possible to discourage this?
Kamala, remain in your room.
Kamala, you are one day away from an arranged mating.
Kamala?
Kamin!
Kamin, Eline, good morning.
Kamin, can you answer me?
Kamin, please come back inside.
Kamin, please come with me.
Kamin, please don't get up yet.
Kamin, sir.
Kamin, this is the first gift you ever gave me.
Kamin, what do you hope to accomplish?
Kamin, what is it?
Kamin, you've built your telescope, your laboratory.
Kamin?
Kandar exen.
Kandar kija.
Kandar konyen.
Kandar pro.
Kandar qui.
Kandar sis.
Kansas City.
Kareen has lived here since her father died when she was very young.
Kareen knew full well that I would not be pleased, to put it mildly.
Karnas again, sir.
Karnas has a problem he thinks you can resolve.
Karnas has established himself as a powerful man on Mordan.
Karnas held his hostages in these tunnels before.
Karnas is a dogged strategist, Picard, not a brilliant one.
Karnas may not have them in the same place.
Karnas was a young man then, but so was I.
Karnas was largely responsible for the planet's unification and peace.
Karnas's father was the ruling chief of one of the families.
Karnas, this is Admiral Mark Jameson.
Karnas, this is Picard.
Karnas.
Katherine Pulaski, author of Linear Models of Viral Propagation?
Katie.
Kayaking again?
Kazago, you know who controls those spheres.
Keep 'em rolling, boy.
Keep a close eye on your brother.
Keep a close watch on it.
Keep a good lookout.
Keep alert.
Keep an eye on her, will you?
Keep an eye on it.
Keep at it, Ensign, Mister La Forge.
Keep at it, Mister La Forge.
Keep at it.
Keep away from me.
Keep back!
Keep climbing.
Keep dealing, Data.
Keep going, boy.
Keep going.
Keep hailing them, Mister Data.
Keep hailing them.
Keep her away!
Keep her under guard.
Keep him under our control.
Keep him under scrutiny.
Keep in mind he's had twenty years to be angry that his father wasn't there.
Keep it dead astern.
Keep it down, Geordi, for as long as you can.
Keep it in mind, though.
Keep it steady.
Keep it to yourself.
Keep it up, Lefler.
Keep listening to it, and hold out the brush.
Keep me advised, Doctor.
Keep me appraised, Commander.
Keep me apprised of your progress.
Keep me apprised, Doctor.
Keep me from finding something.
Keep me informed of any changes, no matter how small.
Keep me informed, Lieutenant.
Keep me posted, Doctor, I'll be on the Bridge.
Keep me posted, Picard out.
Keep me posted?
Keep monitoring their approach.
Keep notes.
Keep on doing whatever it is you're doing, Commander Data.
Keep on working.
Keep rolling.
Keep scanning for signs of human life forms.
Keep talking and I will use it.
Keep talking to me.
Keep talking.
Keep that pahtk away from the ceremony, Picard.
Keep the area clear.
Keep the change?
Keep the chest.
Keep the fever down, try to let the body heal itself.
Keep the pressure constant.
Keep the serum at that level.
Keep the shields down.
Keep this channel open.
Keep those phasers on active surge control, Worf.
Keep those shields at full power.
Keep those weapons down unless you wish to be killed.
Keep trying them.
Keep trying, O'Brien.
Keep up the good work.
Keep us advised of your progress.
Keep us at a relative distance of ten kilometres from the object.
Keep us informed of your efforts.
Keep us informed.
Keep us out of the Neutral Zone.
Keep warm.
Keep watching the power flow.
Keep work.
Keep working.
Keep you posted.
Keep your britches on.
Keep your eye on her, Jean Luc.
Keep your eye on his every move.
Keep your eye on it.
Keep your eye on that generator console.
Keep your eye on them.
Keep your eyes wide, soldier.
Keep your place!
Keep your place, Picard!
Keep your self-righteous comments to yourself.
Keep your voice down.
Keeping in touch is not my strong suit.
Keeping me a prisoner here will not compel me to discuss anything with you.
Keeps you on your toes, anyway.
Keeve Falor, Captain Jean-Luc Picard, Commander Data and Lieutenant Worf.
Keiko has made a decision designed to increase her happiness.
Keiko talks to you.
Keiko's wedding.
Keiko, I need your help.
Keiko, you sound just like Data.
Keiko.
Keiko?
Keith Rocha was obnoxious from the minute he reported to duty.
Keith, is that you?
Keith?
Keller, can you get to a Jeffries tube?
Kelp buds, plankton loaf and sea berries.
Kelsey to Devor.
Kelsey, perhaps we can work out a deal.
Kelsey, this is Kiros.
Kelsey.
Kelso, can you get them off?
Kelso, energise.
Kennelly out.
Kentor, are you with us?
Kept you coming back for more.
Kestra was here a few moments ago.
Kestra?
Kevin and I first saw each other on a ship at sea.
Kevin and I were about to have afternoon tea.
Kevin and Rishon.
Kevin and Rishon?
Kevin does.
Kevin grieved for the others, Captain, but he did nothing.
Kevin, I can't leave my home.
Kevin, what are you doing?
Kevin, you know we do.
Kevin, you said it had gone away.
Key blue, amber, amber, red.
Key universal translator, please.
Keystone City, next stop.
Keystone City.
Ki'rok Molor, ki'rok!
Ki'rok, Molor, ki'rok!
Kiazi's children, their faces wet.
Kid's just asking for trouble.
Kid, she's a big girl, and she's Mickey D's girl.
Kid?
Kidnapped, assaulted, mutilated.
Kill Chief O'Brien.
Kill all the lawyers.
Kill him!
Kill him, Captain.
Kill him.
Kill it now.
Kill me and you're a traitor for ever.
Kill me!
Kill me?
Kill the lights in the medical lab, Mister La Forge.
Kill the music.
Kill the patient!
Kill them!
Kill them, before it is too late.
Kill who?
Kill, perhaps?
Killing for, not dying for.
Killing lab lights now.
Killing?
Kind of heavy.
Kind of like a psychic photograph.
Kind of like being marooned at home.
Kira at Bashi.
Kiss me.
Kiteo.
Kivas finds a way to get what he wants from his people.
Kivas wishes you to wear this set of clothes, and to sit in your chair.
Klag's head goes into the computer panel.
Klavdia Three and Daled Four have almost identical atmospheres.
Klim Dokachin, Quartermaster, Surplus Depot Zed One Five.
Klim Dokachin.
Klingon Rite of Ascension Chamber.
Klingon anatomy.
Klingon attack cruiser uncloaking, sir.
Klingon battlecruisers headed towards this sector.
Klingon birds of prey, B'rel class.
Klingon cruiser, this is Captain Jean Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise.
Klingon culture is not in your taste?
Klingon exercises, actually.
Klingon fire wine.
Klingon or no, he is going to have to accept his condition.
Klingon schools are designed to be difficult.
Klingon species.
Klingon tradition may hold the son responsible for his father's sin.
Klingon vessels Vorn and Buruk holding stations at thirteen kilometres.
Klingon wars seldom remain confined to the Empire.
Klingon warships armed and ready, sir.
Klingons and Romulans are blood enemies.
Klingons and Romulans working together?
Klingons appreciate strong women.
Klingons are not supposed to mind hardship.
Klingons are so unusual in their reactions, aren't they?
Klingons believe in obedience and a strict formality of command.
Klingons choose their friends with great care.
Klingons do not allow themselves to be probed.
Klingons do not express feeling the way you do.
Klingons do not faint.
Klingons do not give in to illness.
Klingons do not hunt because they need food.
Klingons do not laugh.
Klingons do not procrastinate.
Klingons do not pursue relationships.
Klingons do not surrender.
Klingons do not.
Klingons don't faint.
Klingons from all over the Empire will flock to my banner.
Klingons have got a very powerful sense of smell.
Klingons make threats as a matter of course.
Klingons never bluff.
Klingons of that ear doing research for its own sake?
Klingons of that era were raised to despise humans.
Klingons?
Knew your service record backward and forward.
Knight to King's Rook Three.
Knight to Knight Five.
Knock it off.
Knock it out.
Knockout in the fifth.
Know anything about Farpoint Station, sir?
Know him?!
Know some blues?
Know what?
Know your enemy and know yourself, and you will always be victorious.
Knowing humans as thou dost, Captain, wouldst thou be captured helpless by them?
Knowing more about your family might help me to better understand you.
Knowing my turn would come.
Knowing that doesn't make it any easier.
Knowing that you would outlive all your friends.
Knowing the decision you face, I have permitted you this gathering.
Knowing their mission might help us understand them.
Knowing where the flaw is located, can you isolate the problem and solve it?
Knowing your limitations is one thing.
Knowledge of the real reasons you are here in this camp.
Knowledge of their origins.
Knowledge of your civilisation would be spread across half the galaxy.
Knowledge.
Knows what they're all about even before they open their mouths.
Kol, the bag.
Koral must have it.
Koral.
Korgano no longer pursues her.
Korgano.
Korgano?
Koroth and the other Guardians have always opposed me.
Koroth!
Koroth.
Korris and the other Klingon are dead.
Korris has escaped.
Korris is loose and armed.
Kosinski wasn't the one controlling the warp experiments.
Kosinski's a fraud.
Kova Tholl, of Mizar Two.
Krayton, transport four immediately.
Krieger waves?
Krite was my instructor.
Krola has his own political agenda.
Krola was trying to be a martyr?
Krola, we can get help from his ship.
Krola?
Kryonian Tigers aren't so scary.
Ktarian chocolate puff.
Kumeh manoeuvre?
Kurak is volatile, passionate, but not a killer.
Kurak refused to say anything more.
Kurak was a warp field specialist on the Klingon Homeworld.
Kurak was working in the lab.
Kurn has no male heir.
Kurn is your brother?
Kurn sent me here to make sure nothing happened to Worf.
Kurn will follow me?
Kurn's seat on the Council, of course.
Kurt, please come too.
Kwan was working on that conduit the day before he died.
Kyle Riker!
Kyle Riker.
Kyle has told me about your behaviour.
Kyle the primary school teacher.
Kyle to Lieutenant Worf.
Kyle, I don't need to hear what you don't need to say.
L seven three.
LAFORGE But you're not just another electronic system.
LAFORGE [OC[ So it should be safe in there now.
LYNCH [OC]; Yes, sir.
La Forge gave it to him.
La Forge remained below.
La Forge said I should, but I said no.
La Forge to Barclay.
La Forge to Bridge!
La Forge to Brossmer.
La Forge to Captain.
La Forge to Commander Riker.
La Forge to Counsellor Troi.
La Forge to Crusher.
La Forge to Data.
La Forge to Engineering I want a diagnostic team to Cargo bay four immediately.
La Forge to Ensign Ro.
La Forge to Enterprise, come in, please.
La Forge to Enterprise, do you read me?
La Forge to Enterprise, medical emergency.
La Forge to Leijten.
La Forge to Lieutenant Picard.
La Forge to Picard.
La Forge to Sickbay!
La Forge to Sickbay.
La Forge to Transporter room three.
La Forge to Worf.
La Forge to damage control team alpha.
La Forge to transporter room three.
La Forge!
La Forge, contact Commander Riker.
La Forge, everything's alright.
La Forge, let's get a diagnostic sweep underway.
La Forge, set in warp one point five.
La Forge, this is Logan.
La Forge, you filled in the blanks.
La Forge, you've got ten minutes.
La woq you ghir klas qimha.
LaForge to Bridge.
Labarre.
Laddie, every woman has her own charm.
Ladies and gentlemen, I think we have found our Titania.
Ladies and gentlemen, Night Bird.
Ladies and gentlemen, members of the Archaeology Council.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are on our way!
Ladies and gentlemen.
Lady Luck left me long ago.
Lady Luck not with ya, tonight, Mister Lane?
Lal has a positronic brain one very similar to my own.
Lal has narrowed the choices to four.
Lal is my child.
Lal is passing into sentience.
Lal is programmed to return to the lab in the event of a malfunction.
Lal is progressing very slowly but is not deterred by early setbacks.
Lal is quite self-sufficient.
Lal is realising she is not the same as other children.
Lal suffered complete neural system failure at thirteen hundred hours.
Lal!
Lal, how are you?
Lal, put him down.
Lal, the third crosslink transfer series is complete.
Lal, this is Geordi La Forge.
Lal.
Lal?
Lambda Paz, one of the moons of Pentarus three.
Land of song, said the warrior bard, tho' all the world betrays thee.
Land?
Lanel, I really have to get going.
Lanel.
Langor, you expect too much from them.
Lantree Bridge monitor engaging.
Lantree, this is the Enterprise.
Lantree.
Lantree?
Lapsang suchong tea, please.
Laren, what's going on?
Largely.
Larson to Commander La Forge.
Laser scalpel.
Lasers can't even penetrate our navigation shields.
Lasers?
Last I heard there were still two starships out there looking for them.
Last checkup they said I'd have to expect it.
Last estimate was another half hour.
Last month.
Last night did have meaning.
Last night he had to cancel our date.
Last night, Doctor Crusher.
Last night, Jono attacked Captain Picard and tried to murder him.
Last night.
Last question on the hyperspace physics test.
Last time I saw something like that, it was being served on a plate.
Last time it was just a hatch cover/ What if next time it's more serious?
Last time we did that I was sore for a week.
Last week when you scored two touches, you liked it well enough.
Last week, all he wanted to do was be a botanist.
Last year, all you cared about was mathematics.
Late eighteenth, early nineteenth centuries.
Late twenty sixth century Earth, to be exact.
Lately Starfleet seems to look the other way when the Maquis attack.
Later I began to understand how misguided those feelings were.
Later we'll try a flight simulation.
Later, I noticed something odd about the way she blinked her eyes.
Later, we'd like to ask you a few more questions.
Later, you can give me an overview.
Lateral sensors online.
Lateral thrusters online.
Lathal Bine.
Latitude twenty degrees, nine minutes north.
Laughter.
Launch a Class one probe.
Launch a sensor probe.
Launch bay one shows ready, Commander.
Launch probe.
Launch torpedo.
Launch?
Launched ninety two years ago.
Launching a probe into Cardassian space would be a treaty violation.
Launching buoy now, sir.
Launching photon torpedoes.
Launching, sir.
Lava flows.
Lavelle is an obvious candidate, but I'm also considering Ensign Sito.
Law One.
Law Seventeen.
Law one hundred and three?
Lay down carefully.
Lay in a course and prepare to engage at warp eight as soon as we're on board.
Lay in a course for Lya Four.
Lay in a course for the Devolin system.
Lay in a course for the Morgana Quadrant.
Lay in a course for the Romulan ship.
Lay in a course for the next search grid.
Lay in a course for the soliton wave.
Lay in a course for the starbase on Otar Two.
Lay in a course of pursuit.
Lay in a course to the source of the signal.
Lay in a course, Ensign.
Lay in a course.
Lay in a new course for Tau Alpha C.
Lay in a new course to Dulisian Four.
Lay in a new course.
Lay in a standard search pattern.
Lay in an intercept course for the Romulan ship.
Lay in an intercept course, full impulse.
Lay in intercept course.
Lay in that course, Ensign, and engage at full impulse.
Lay in the course.
Laying it in, sir.
Laying the foundation.
Lead the way.
Lead where, Doctor?
Leader, there is another Federation ship closing.
Leah Brahms.
Leah is coming here?
Leah's got a few friends at Starfleet Medical.
Leah, did you design this?
Leah, nudge it down even further, toward point oh two.
Leah, take it down further.
Leah, you like Italian food?
Leah, you're beautiful.
Learn, all over again.
Learning about him teaches you about yourself.
Leave Starfleet?
Leave him here.
Leave it be.
Leave it behind.
Leave it on that ledge and take cover.
Leave it to Robert to find the best cook in France, then marry her.
Leave it, I'll take a look at it later.
Leave me.
Leave my da?
Leave no evidence that we were ever here.
Leave now, Wesley.
Leave the control booth immediately!
Leave the hailing frequency open.
Leave the holodeck.
Leave the holodeck?
Leave the other here.
Leave the trilithium here and take me with you.
Leave this place before she finds you.
Leave us alone.
Leave us!
Leave us, please.
Leave your weapons behind.
Leave!
Leave, now, or you too will be condemned as a traitor.
Leave.
Leaving at warp speed.
Leaving him on Earth would not have protected him.
Leaving is simply not acceptable.
Leaving my career, the Enterprise?
Leaving orbit.
Leaving school?
Leaving so soon?
Leaving the planet safe to be conquered.
Leaving, Dix?
Lefler, a moment of your time, please?
Lefler, what's the resonance frequency?
Left by whom?
Left footed means left handed.
Left hand.
Legend has it she chopped him up and used his bones to make the world.
Legends say it has been known to mend souls and heal broken hearts.
Legends which are totally unsupported by fact, Captain.
Legitimate questions about any of this need not be asked apologetically.
Legs!
Leland T.
Lemec will want to bring his own aides on board.
Lemon tea.
Less enjoyable?
Less evolved.
Less substance.
Less talk, more synthahol.
Less than exemplary.
Less than fifteen minutes, sir.
Less than five hours.
Less than five thousand kilometres, sir.
Less than point seven percent.
Less than three hours.
Lesson number one in becoming more human.
Lestrade of course.
Let combat continue until there is a victor.
Let go of me!
Let go of the anticipation, the expectations, the demands upon yourself.
Let go!
Let her go.
Let her have peace.
Let her know she can trust me.
Let her live out her days, and die believing she was human.
Let her live!
Let her rip.
Let her stand with him now.
Let him be.
Let him come aboard.
Let him come to me if he wants to.
Let him explain your words.
Let him rest for now.
Let him sleep.
Let him speak to you with your mind unclouded by doubt or hesitation.
Let him stand alone.
Let him talk.
Let him to remain conscious.
Let it all go.
Let it come, let it come.
Let it cool.
Let it excite your imagination.
Let it go for a second, Data.
Let it go, Wesley.
Let it have whatever it can absorb.
Let it inspire you.
Let it out!
Let it through.
Let it work its way into your blood.
Let me ask you, what's it like on a planet where the people have no gender?
Let me be candid, DaiMon Tog.
Let me be equally clear.
Let me be the judge of that.
Let me buy you guys a drink.
Let me check.
Let me die with my hands at your throat.
Let me do it for you.
Let me do it.
Let me end it back in.
Let me explain what'll happen to you if you don't tell me about the Vulcan ship.
Let me explain.
Let me get on the other position.
Let me get rid of that candle.
Let me get the dolphin for you to take with you.
Let me get you some wine.
Let me get you something to wipe that off with.
Let me give you a hand with that, Data.
Let me give you a hand with those sensors.
Let me give you a hand.
Let me go with you.
Let me hear it.
Let me help them, please.
Let me help you relax.
Let me help you with pronunciations.
Let me hold it.
Let me in here.
Let me input the problem into the exocomp.
Let me just say that we would not take such a direct approach.
Let me kill him.
Let me kill them, one by one.
Let me know as soon as you catch him, all right?
Let me know as soon as you have any further information, Doctor.
Let me know as soon as you have something.
Let me know how it goes.
Let me know if it gets any worse.
Let me know if it reoccurs.
Let me know if you do.
Let me know if you find anything.
Let me know if you have any more problems with dizziness.
Let me know if you need anything.
Let me know the instant he's awake.
Let me know when the analysis is complete.
Let me know when you finished your sweep.
Let me know you still care.
Let me put it another way.
Let me put it to you this way.
Let me put up the shields, sir.
Let me reconfigure the emitter beam.
Let me refresh your memory.
Let me remind you he is innocent until he is proved guilty.
Let me remind you of something.
Let me see his chart, please.
Let me see if I can directly access the master programme.
Let me see if I can override it.
Let me see that.
Let me shoot them, Mister Redblock.
Let me show you a scan of your brain tissue.
Let me show you our camp.
Let me show you what we do.
Let me speak with them.
Let me spell it out for you.
Let me study her.
Let me take her with me.
Let me take you back home.
Let me take you back, too.
Let me take you to Sickbay.
Let me take you to your quarters.
Let me take you where you'll be safe.
Let me talk to him.
Let me talk to my superiors, find out what's behind this.
Let me talk to them.
Let me talk with them.
Let me teach your computer how to make one.
Let me tell you about this new Empire we will forge.
Let me tell you about your sister.
Let me tell you something about Commander Riker.
Let me tell you something, Jean-Luc.
Let me tell you something, Spock.
Let me think here.
Let me try it.
Let me try something else.
Let me try to convince them to leave with us.
Let me try to explain.
Let me try to understand.
Let me.
Let nature take its course.
Let the Captain speak.
Let the bank know that I am alive and well.
Let the buyer beware.
Let the dead rest.
Let the hunt begin again.
Let the joy in your heart be heard.
Let the memory of his pain argue with him for a while.
Let the record show that they gave their lives in the performance of their duty.
Let the signal through the shields.
Let the truth be known?
Let them all see each other.
Let them charge into their destruction.
Let them come to us.
Let them deal with you.
Let them go or you will all die.
Let them knit?
Let them know that we are here, and that they will be safe.
Let them know that we are not a threat?
Let them know what happened on board the station?
Let them solve their problems with those arms on an equal basis.
Let them.
Let us assume for a moment that the Captain has been travelling through time.
Let us do no such damned thing!
Let us eat.
Let us go.
Let us have a meal together, then we'll make preparations to leave.
Let us help you.
Let us hope not.
Let us just say we've come a long way to join you.
Let us keep our perspective, gentlemen.
Let us know when you're ready.
Let us negotiate in good faith.
Let us not cloud this with bit players, Picard.
Let us not overstate the matter here, Doctor.
Let us not rush headlong into war.
Let us pray.
Let us talk to you.
Let us talk.
Let us usher in this new era together.
Let your name be spoken once again.
Let's agree to end it here and now.
Let's assume a radius of ten kilometres.
Let's assume for the moment that someone did send out a phased ionic pulse.
Let's backtrack that course.
Let's be careful.
Let's be ready for anything.
Let's be sure of what we're dealing with.
Let's be sure.
Let's be very observant.
Let's begin again, shall we?
Let's begin to handle this as we would do anything else.
Let's begin with you, Data.
Let's blast full power into warp nine.
Let's bring the away team back.
Let's call him Jayden.
Let's check five.
Let's check her quarters.
Let's check that sensor.
Let's check the interface programming.
Let's check the other planets.
Let's check the sensor calibrations.
Let's clear some of that away.
Let's close up.
Let's collaborate.
Let's come to a stop.
Let's complete our mission.
Let's concentrate on how this anomaly was initially formed.
Let's consider evacuation.
Let's consider your thoughts.
Let's continue this discussion in private.
Let's deal with the first, intelligence.
Let's destroy any chance of peace between these worlds.
Let's detain her against her will.
Let's divert all our resources to that end.
Let's do it again.
Let's do it!
Let's do it, I'm not getting any younger.
Let's do something else.
Let's do something with Isabella another day.
Let's drop the ranks for a moment.
Let's face it, you're just better at this than I am.
Let's find a turbolift to the Bridge.
Let's find another way out of here.
Let's find her.
Let's find out all we can about them.
Let's find out what it is we're dealing with.
Let's find out, or try to.
Let's find that ship.
Let's find the others.
Let's find the rest of our team.
Let's focus on what we're doing.
Let's get a little more information first.
Let's get back to the Bridge.
Let's get back to the ship.
Let's get food for a feast, for a celebration.
Let's get him out of there.
Let's get him up.
Let's get it done.
Let's get moving.
Let's get on with it.
Let's get one thing straight, little man.
Let's get one thing straight, though, Picard.
Let's get the big boy in here.
Let's get them off there.
Let's get them there, Mister Solis.
Let's get these repairs underway.
Let's get this over with, Picard.
Let's get those panels off.
Let's get to it, shall we?
Let's get to the Bridge.
Let's get to the Captain.
Let's get together for a game of chess or something, okay?
Let's get you to Maternity.
Let's get you to Sickbay.
Let's give another listen.
Let's give it a try.
Let's give them the chance to look their enemy in the face.
Let's go back to Engineering.
Let's go back up.
Let's go find that beacon.
Let's go for direct reticular stimulation.
Let's go look around.
Let's go on with the files.
Let's go over them one by one, shall we?
Let's go play.
Let's go see Data.
Let's go see if Humpty Dumpty is still in one piece.
Let's go see if we can find them.
Let's go see the launching.
Let's go see your patient, Doctor.
Let's go someplace with a lot of people.
Let's go through all this again.
Let's go to Engineering, Clara.
Let's go to active scan.
Let's go to the Bridge.
Let's go to the market.
Let's have Data's body taken to the science lab.
Let's have a drink, Commander, and we'll hear all about Krieger Waves.
Let's have a look.
Let's have more talk, Data.
Let's have some Andonian tea while we wait for your Riker.
Let's head for the closer one.
Let's head in.
Let's hear the second option.
Let's hear the truth.
Let's hit them again.
Let's hold this position for a while, Number One.
Let's hook up the scanner and see what we've got.
Let's hope all goes well.
Let's hope he can come part way himself.
Let's hope he didn't take us too far off course.
Let's hope it goes that well tonight.
Let's hope it is not too good to be true.
Let's hope it's enough time.
Let's hope it's enough.
Let's hope not.
Let's hope our decisions are more successful than theirs were.
Let's hope that's enough.
Let's hope there's enough air in here.
Let's hope they stay clear of the colony.
Let's hope we don't have to use them.
Let's hope.
Let's increase the flow rate and see if that helps.
Let's interfere in their society, their customs.
Let's investigate both possibilities.
Let's investigate.
Let's isolate and magnify that system.
Let's just choose one.
Let's just get him aboard safely.
Let's just get some distance between us and this system.
Let's just get that uncaught, shall we?
Let's just hold this position.
Let's just hope we can get the section we need.
Let's just make sure there's nothing physically wrong.
Let's just say I had a special insight into the cards.
Let's just say that I was not about to stay for refreshments.
Let's just say you both have well established personalities.
Let's keep in mind that that particular danger was invented by Q.
Let's keep our priorities straight.
Let's keep the speculation to a minimum.
Let's keep this civilised.
Let's launch a probe into it.
Let's look at him.
Let's look at it on the viewer.
Let's look under the bed.
Let's make it look good.
Let's make sure history never forgets the name Enterprise.
Let's make the most of it.
Let's make this transfer with all deliberate speed.
Let's map his nervous system and see if we can isolate a weak link.
Let's move on to the non-chemical agents.
Let's move the containers over to here.
Let's neutralise the neurotransmitters.
Let's not guess what might have been.
Let's not keep the Inspector waiting.
Let's not keep them waiting, Mister Worf.
Let's not leave everyone waiting for us.
Let's not look for problems.
Let's not ruin that with unnecessary posturing.
Let's not rush it, shall we?
Let's not stay any longer than we have to.
Let's not tamper with the status quo.
Let's not waste time arguing about issues we can't resolve.
Let's pay a call, get some answers.
Let's prepare a thalamic booster series.
Let's proceed carefully.
Let's proceed in a calm and orderly manner.
Let's proceed with the shuttle plan.
Let's proceed.
Let's put all this together.
Let's put an end to their last cry for help.
Let's put an end to this conflict.
Let's put the physical stuff aside for a while, all right?
Let's put up shields and go to Red Alert.
Let's ramp frequency.
Let's reassemble in six hours.
Let's run a level three bioscan just to be sure.
Let's run a mass spectrometer analysis and find out what this stuff is.
Let's run a neurochemical analysis.
Let's salvage what we can.
Let's sample the local cuisine, shall we?
Let's say I have personal reasons and leave it at that, shall we?
Let's say for the moment that may be true.
Let's say that we sympathise with those who oppose Cardassia.
Let's say you had an anti-matter flow converter that was fluctuating.
Let's seal off this entrance.
Let's see if anyone's out there.
Let's see if darkness will neutralise it.
Let's see if the Braves are on.
Let's see if they can handle that.
Let's see if they pick it up.
Let's see if they'll answer our hail now, Mister Worf.
Let's see if they've spotted us.
Let's see if we can establish a new upper limit.
Let's see if we can filter the signal and clear it up a little bit.
Let's see if we can find out how long we've been in this causality loop.
Let's see if we can find out.
Let's see if we can get lucky.
Let's see if we can get some answers from Bynaus.
Let's see if we can get them up to ninety.
Let's see if we can outrun them.
Let's see if we can tap directly into the computer core.
Let's see if we can't beat Professor Moriarty by giving him everything he wants.
Let's see it!
Let's see it, Captain.
Let's see it, Worf.
Let's see just how relaxed DaiMon Tog is.
Let's see what happened.
Let's see what happens now.
Let's see what happens when it hits the shields.
Let's see what he has to say.
Let's see what it does.
Let's see what they've stored.
Let's see what this galaxy class starship can do.
Let's see what we can learn.
Let's see what we've got.
Let's see what you can do with secondary systems.
Let's see what's going on here?
Let's see what's in there.
Let's see what's out there.
Let's see your cards.
Let's see, what can I tell you about myself?
Let's see, what else?
Let's share whatever we learn about what has happened here.
Let's spread out a little.
Let's start with something simple.
Let's start with the chemical substances.
Let's start with them, Number One.
Let's start with your name.
Let's stay at impulse for now.
Let's take a closer look at the wave pattern on the emission beam.
Let's take a closer look.
Let's take a look at Mister Worf's distortion.
Let's take a look at it.
Let's take a look at the controls.
Let's take a look at the torpedo launchers.
Let's take a look.
Let's take out some of these distribution nodes and see what happens.
Let's talk about building our own condenser.
Let's talk about that later, shall we?
Let's talk to Riva.
Let's talk to them.
Let's talk.
Let's test the emitter.
Let's transfer every microjoule of energy we've got.
Let's try again, a little more slowly this time.
Let's try and determine what it is, as quickly as possible.
Let's try and find out.
Let's try broadening the bandwidth.
Let's try junction A nine.
Let's try something.
Let's try that again.
Let's try the neutron densitometer.
Let's try the other way.
Let's try them again.
Let's try this again.
Let's try to get this thing back into one piece.
Let's try turning up the volume.
Let's use this calm.
Let's use what we got from our own sensors.
Let's you and me take it outside.
Let's.
Letek, has what we've done broken our agreement with their captain?
Lethal exposure in thirty five minutes.
Lethal radiation exposure in fifteen seconds.
Lethal radiation exposure in ten seconds.
Lethal radiation exposure in thirty seconds.
Lethal.
Lethal?
Lets get started.
Lets hear the analysis.
Lets just say you don't want to waste any time once you get in there.
Lets us travel across the galaxy.
Lets use it.
Letting them know what the Overseer expects of them.
Level of difficulty will increase as you progress.
Level six?
Level three C, section five four seven.
Level-five probe sequence ready for launch, Commander.
Levels approaching forty two parts per million.
Levels are dropping, Doctor.
Levels are unchanged.
Lian, scan for any air disruption or vortex.
Liar!
Liar.
Library computer access, replicator selection, recreational programming.
Library computer is temporarily offline.
Library systems have been allocated to Stellar Cartography.
Lie down, breathe deeply and stay calm.
Lie still, I am here.
Lie still.
Lied to you?
Lied, conveniently forgot, I'm not sure.
Lies must be challenged.
Lies, and the discussion is over.
Lies.
Lieutenant Aster bore the full brunt of the detonation.
Lieutenant Aster is here.
Lieutenant Aster is in her quarters.
Lieutenant Aster is survived by a son, Jeremy.
Lieutenant Aster was three metres behind me.
Lieutenant Barclay has not yet extended himself into the Engineering subsystems.
Lieutenant Barclay is apparently no worse for his experience.
Lieutenant Barclay is in holodeck two.
Lieutenant Barclay is on holodeck three.
Lieutenant Barclay to Captain Picard.
Lieutenant Barclay, I've been calling you, why haven't you responded?
Lieutenant Barclay, report to Cargo bay five.
Lieutenant Barclay, report to the Bridge.
Lieutenant Barclay, report to the main shuttlebay.
Lieutenant Barclay, report.
Lieutenant Barclay, you're on duty.
Lieutenant Barrett to communications.
Lieutenant Castillo, helmsman.
Lieutenant Commander Christopher Hobson.
Lieutenant Commander Daren.
Lieutenant Commander Data now located in Holodeck area 4J.
Lieutenant Commander Data of the Starship Enterprise.
Lieutenant Commander Data to Enterprise.
Lieutenant Commander Data was there, yes.
Lieutenant Commander Data, I am intrigued by your challenge.
Lieutenant Commander Data, our second officer.
Lieutenant Commander La Forge reporting for duty, Captain.
Lieutenant Commander Leland T.
Lieutenant Commander Shelby remains on board to continue tactical preparations.
Lieutenant Commander perhaps?
Lieutenant Corell seems to be enjoying your company.
Lieutenant Crusher, send a general hail, all ships.
Lieutenant Edward Hagler and Ensign Sariel Rager.
Lieutenant Foley discovered this in the pond.
Lieutenant Geordi La Forge.
Lieutenant Hagler's dead.
Lieutenant Hickman does not respond, sir.
Lieutenant Hickman, listen carefully.
Lieutenant Hickman, you must do what I tell you.
Lieutenant Jeffrey Fratis.
Lieutenant Joshua Kelly.
Lieutenant Kwan was partially empathic.
Lieutenant La Forge has a thought.
Lieutenant La Forge here.
Lieutenant La Forge in command of the star drive section.
Lieutenant La Forge in command.
Lieutenant La Forge is in great danger!
Lieutenant La Forge is on an alien ship?
Lieutenant La Forge just left Sickbay while I was in my office.
Lieutenant La Forge requires my assistance.
Lieutenant La Forge still has Bridge command pending your return, sir.
Lieutenant La Forge to Captain.
Lieutenant La Forge, I'd like you to monitor our velocity closely.
Lieutenant La Forge, lay in the course.
Lieutenant La Forge, status report.
Lieutenant La Forge, this is Commander Riker.
Lieutenant La Forge, you have command until further notice.
Lieutenant Leijten, you'd better come see this.
Lieutenant Marquez has already set up on the surface.
Lieutenant Monroe was in command, but she's dead.
Lieutenant Monroe!
Lieutenant Nara, may I ask you something?
Lieutenant Pierson to Commander La Forge.
Lieutenant Powell here, sir.
Lieutenant Prieto, is Counsellor Troi all right?
Lieutenant Reginald Barclay.
Lieutenant Rhodes.
Lieutenant Riker has been to see me to talk about the away mission.
Lieutenant Riker should be here.
Lieutenant Ro.
Lieutenant Selar, report to the Captain's ready room.
Lieutenant Shipley, initiate warp power transfer.
Lieutenant Shipley, let's get a triangulation on these sector points.
Lieutenant Solis, lay in a reciprocal course for Minos, warp five.
Lieutenant Solis, plot a course to rendezvous with the saucer section.
Lieutenant Solis, set course three one five mark zero, zero seven.
Lieutenant Suna, sir.
Lieutenant Susanna Leijten in command.
Lieutenant Tasha Yar reporting for duty, sir.
Lieutenant Uhnari is not aboard the Enterprise.
Lieutenant Uhnari.
Lieutenant Walter Pierce.
Lieutenant Will Riker.
Lieutenant Wong knows the system.
Lieutenant Worf also lost his parents.
Lieutenant Worf demonstrate its operation.
Lieutenant Worf has been removed from active duty following a severe injury.
Lieutenant Worf has served under my command with distinction.
Lieutenant Worf is in Ensign Calloway's quarters.
Lieutenant Worf is in his quarters.
Lieutenant Worf is my Chief Security Officer.
Lieutenant Worf is my Chief of Security and my tactical officer.
Lieutenant Worf is not aboard the Enterprise.
Lieutenant Worf is recovering in Sickbay.
Lieutenant Worf is right, sir.
Lieutenant Worf said you wanted to talk to me about something.
Lieutenant Worf standing by.
Lieutenant Worf teaches a class.
Lieutenant Worf to Captain Picard.
Lieutenant Worf transported to the Klingon ship Vorn at seventeen thirty hours.
Lieutenant Worf will escort you.
Lieutenant Worf's question is valid.
Lieutenant Worf, Ambassador K'Ehleyr, report to the Bridge.
Lieutenant Worf, I don't think I've ever seen a more beautiful sight.
Lieutenant Worf, arm the photon torpedoes.
Lieutenant Worf, bring the Admiral up here.
Lieutenant Worf, can you hear what I'm saying?
Lieutenant Worf, escort this young man to quarters.
Lieutenant Worf, fire phasers on full with a simultaneous spread of torpedoes.
Lieutenant Worf, go with him.
Lieutenant Worf, here.
Lieutenant Worf, if the situation is under control, please report to the Bridge.
Lieutenant Worf, multiple image, full conference mode.
Lieutenant Worf, of the Klingon Empire, is my head of Security.
Lieutenant Worf, personal log, stardate 44996.1.
Lieutenant Worf, personal log, stardate 45376.8.
Lieutenant Worf, please report to Engineering.
Lieutenant Worf, please report to the Observation lounge.
Lieutenant Worf, report to the Bridge.
Lieutenant Worf, sir.
Lieutenant Worf, to transporter room three.
Lieutenant Worf, what is its alert status?
Lieutenant Worf, what the hell do the sensors say?
Lieutenant Worf, will you accompany Sublieutenant Setal to the Sickbay.
Lieutenant Worf, will you go to Ten forward and keep an eye on Data?
Lieutenant Worf, will you handle this at security station, deck nine.
Lieutenant Worf, you are now Acting Chief of Security.
Lieutenant Worf, you have the conn.
Lieutenant Yar and Counsellor Troi are completely qualified.
Lieutenant Yar in the Observation lounge.
Lieutenant Yar is calling from Cargo Bay One, sir.
Lieutenant Yar is physically very attractive.
Lieutenant Yar of Security, sir.
Lieutenant Yar to Bridge.
Lieutenant Yar to Commander Riker.
Lieutenant Yar to Enterprise.
Lieutenant Yar was confused.
Lieutenant Yar was killed on Vagra Two by a malevolent entity.
Lieutenant Yar's death is very painful for all of us.
Lieutenant Yar, escort the prisoners to the Transporter room.
Lieutenant Yar, hailing frequencies.
Lieutenant Yar, have the Ornarans brought in.
Lieutenant Yar, open channel.
Lieutenant Yar, rig main phaser banks to deliver an energy beam.
Lieutenant Yar, run a structural analysis on the Stargazer for an impulse tow.
Lieutenant Yar, we're ready in the guest quarters.
Lieutenant Yar, what do your sensors show?
Lieutenant Yar, where are they now?
Lieutenant Yar, would you escort the Director to his quarters.
Lieutenant Yar, you stay at your post.
Lieutenant Ziff.
Lieutenant, Doctor Quaice is very old and rather frail.
Lieutenant, I am curious about something.
Lieutenant, I am dissatisfied with your performance as First Officer.
Lieutenant, I am reading an open panel.
Lieutenant, I commend your diligence.
Lieutenant, I know a friend of yours who's very eager to see you.
Lieutenant, I must apologise for my inadvertent misconduct toward you.
Lieutenant, I need to speak to you.
Lieutenant, I order you to relax.
Lieutenant, I saw Alexander put the model inside of his jacket.
Lieutenant, I'm assigning you to help the Emissary.
Lieutenant, activate the metaphasic programme.
Lieutenant, add that information to hailing messages.
Lieutenant, are all your systems functioning?
Lieutenant, are you aware that I can sense when someone's telling the truth?
Lieutenant, contact the Hood and inform them of our delay.
Lieutenant, continue monitoring the precise position of the echo.
Lieutenant, control your emotions.
Lieutenant, could I have a word with you for a moment?
Lieutenant, do you still feel that you want to go through with this challenge?
Lieutenant, good.
Lieutenant, hail the Romulan vessel.
Lieutenant, have you completed the metallurgical scan of the Array?
Lieutenant, have you launched the probe?
Lieutenant, his life is coming to an end.
Lieutenant, how did you damage the dilithium chamber?
Lieutenant, how's the ship?
Lieutenant, inform engine room to prepare for maximum acceleration.
Lieutenant, lock phasers on that vessel.
Lieutenant, lower the shields.
Lieutenant, may I see you in the ready room?
Lieutenant, one of the Ferengi just waylaid Ambassador Briam.
Lieutenant, open the conduit.
Lieutenant, our Chief Engineer is checking the transport logs of the Potemkin.
Lieutenant, pick a good security team, let me know what he does.
Lieutenant, please receive our guest.
Lieutenant, report!
Lieutenant, scan for any Borg ships between here and the planet.
Lieutenant, security alert two.
Lieutenant, sometimes the moral obligations of command are less than clear.
Lieutenant, take a security team to holodeck three.
Lieutenant, take the conn position.
Lieutenant, take us out of orbit.
Lieutenant, thank you.
Lieutenant, what are their sensor readings?
Lieutenant, where are you?
Lieutenant, why didn't you contact Starfleet?
Lieutenant, would you join me in my Ready room?
Lieutenant, you have rop'ngor.
Lieutenant, you have the Bridge.
Lieutenant, you may wait outside.
Lieutenant, your son is a very bright, very spirited young man.
Life aboard the Enterprise is slowly returning to normal.
Life evolved on my planet before all others in this part of the galaxy.
Life force, do you understand us?
Life form is identified as Alexander Rozhenko.
Life form reading?
Life form readings are negative.
Life form readings?
Life form?
Life forms here may have developed in ways never before observed.
Life forms indicated?
Life forms?
Life goes on.
Life is an endless stream of choices.
Life is like loading twice your cargo weight onto your spacecraft.
Life signs appear to be Klingon.
Life signs are stable.
Life support and critical operations only.
Life support disengaged.
Life support down to sixty seven percent.
Life support failure.
Life support has been re-established.
Life support has failed on decks seven and thirteen, sir.
Life support is barely operating.
Life support is functioning, that's about all.
Life support minimal.
Life support normal on all decks.
Life support seems to be unaffected.
Life support system, engineering and propulsion all appear functional.
Life support systems are also functioning at low levels.
Life support systems throughout the ship are fully operational.
Life support systems will continue only in emergency shelter areas.
Life-signs, Captain!
Life.
Life?
Lifesigns?
Light the torches to let them know that I am back.
Light years away.
Lightening hit.
Lightning bolts falling from the ceiling!
Lightning storms?
Like Atlantis of ancient Earth or Neinman of Xerxes Seven.
Like Captain Picard showed confidence in me.
Like Fermat's theorem, it's a puzzle we may never solve.
Like Geordi and Hugh.
Like I said, Commander, Barclay's been running some unusual programs.
Like I said, I just didn't like the way my quarters were decorated.
Like I said, they took everything.
Like I tried to tell your grandmother, the hoose is haunted.
Like I've got no control.
Like Rita.
Like a bureaucrat's office.
Like a caress?
Like a decompression tank?
Like a fish, only it's not a fish.
Like a full collapse, sir?
Like a juggernaut, it could begin moving at any moment.
Like a magician.
Like a man with no immune system, he wasn't able to handle the overload.
Like a message in a bottle.
Like a rag in a dog's mouth.
Like a rat in a cage.
Like a scientific diplomat.
Like a shuttlecraft.
Like a song reminds you of an old friend.
Like a thought, but rather mechanical in nature.
Like a time displacement, but it does not have a discernible event horizon.
Like all Starfleet you talk and you talk, but you have no guramba.
Like all Starfleet.
Like any mechanical devices, they occasionally malfunction.
Like before?
Like clockwork.
Like dinner tonight?
Like hell it's not.
Like hell!
Like her, I'm an empathic metamorph.
Like intoxication, but worse.
Like it or not, this baby is coming.
Like it or not, we have rekindled the Mintakans' belief in the Overseer.
Like it was something I had dreamed.
Like many of our people, they need something to believe in, just like I did.
Like my first year at the Academy.
Like my sister did.
Like my sister.
Like my vocal enhancer.
Like putting a fish in a bucket of water.
Like some kind of holographic imaging system.
Like somebody had kicked me in the head.
Like something I smelled earlier.
Like tapping a crystal goblet?
Like tea?
Like that time we went sailing on Devala Lake.
Like that.
Like the Iconians did.
Like the Vulcans, they have highly ordered minds.
Like the emissions in the cargo bay.
Like the first Vulcans, these people are struggling to a new enlightenment.
Like the ones in the cavern where Data's head was found.
Like this hearing.
Like two powerful rulers changing places in a continuous cycle.
Like us?
Like watching fireworks when I was a little girl.
Like yesterday.
Like you did before.
Like you do.
Like you said, Geordi, what's the rush?
Like you tracked down that faulty processing accelerator?
Like you were at that age.
Like you, I have a mother and a father.
Like you.
Like, I would really like to explore the ship.
Likewise, Counsellor.
Liko and he bursts into tears) Captain's log, supplemental.
Liko, I am a man.
Liko, all this talk of supernatural beings.
Liko, don't do it!
Liko, we don't know that the Overseer is responsible for this storm.
Liko, we'll get Palmer back.
Liko, you don't want to kill me.
Liko, you were not dead.
Liko.
Limb re-fusion appears to be successful, Doctor.
Limit targets to engines and shields.
Limit to visual.
Line open.
Linguacode, universal translation, all that.
Link Commander Riker used to transmit his command codes.
Link and boost.
Link and upload your data from here.
Link between the two ships, I can use my personal command codes.
Link confirmed.
Link with the Holodeck so as to be apprised of any problems.
Link, we won't be able to try again.
Link.
Linkage complete.
Links is connected to the Prime Minister's office?
List all anomalies.
List the remaining forty three in chronological order.
Listed as Delphi Ardu, sir.
Listen to Riker.
Listen to him, Gowron.
Listen to him.
Listen to it.
Listen to me carefully.
Listen to me, Alexander.
Listen to me, Q.
Listen to me, Will.
Listen to me, all of you!
Listen to me.
Listen to that.
Listen to the voice of your blood.
Listen to this.
Listen to what Shakespeare is telling you about the man, Data.
Listen to yourself.
Listen, Doctor.
Listen, I can only imagine how you feel.
Listen, I'm going to disconnect you.
Listen, Jean-Luc, I'm the first to say that the Bajora deserve attention.
Listen, Mister Offenhouse.
Listen, Reg.
Listen, Tog, I must possesses Lwaxana.
Listen, Wesley.
Listen, Will.
Listen, have you had a chance to see the dolphins yet?
Listen, my advice is ask somebody else for advice.
Listen, people who come in here, they count on a certain amount of anonymity.
Listen, we'd never be certain that the circuit paths are sealed.
Listen, young man.
Listening is a skill which seems to have evaporated with the heat of argument.
Literally.
Literary partners, of course.
Little One, Tog's given me something perfectly hideous to wear.
Little One, if Tog were a kitten, he'd be purring.
Little One, you could at least pretend you're happy to see me.
Little One?
Little change, Captain.
Little is known.
Little one!
Little one, why do you refuse to use telepathy even when we are alone?
Little pieces of evidence that suggested even more clues.
Live cells.
Live long and and.
Live long and.
Live now.
Live with it below the sea with Louis, or above the clouds with the Enterprise.
Live with it.
Lives cannot.
Lives were at stake.
Living among these humans has sucked the Klingon heart out of you.
Living is making choices.
Living with humans, being Klingon.
Lo and behold, a US flag and the letters NASA.
Load deposition programme Riker one.
Load forward torpedo bays.
Loading forward and aft torpedo bays.
Loading torpedoes.
Local boy makes good.
Local gravitational fields are increasing exponentially.
Locate Lieutenant Barclay.
Locate Lieutenant Commander Data.
Locate entries containing words Romulan and or Iconia.
Locate the ODN conduit, sir.
Locate the away team and get them up here.
Locate the exact source of the tractor beam.
Locate the power source of that shield.
Location Engineering.
Location transponder's gone too.
Location zero three five mark three one three.
Location, Paris, Cafe des Artistes, as it appeared twenty two years ago.
Location, deck ten, forward.
Location.
Lock all disruptors on target.
Lock coordinates and start bringing them up.
Lock coordinates on the source of the tractor beam.
Lock in on this location.
Lock into this signal.
Lock it in on Farpoint Station.
Lock myself in a room in all three different time periods?
Lock on Tsiolkovsky.
Lock on and bring him up.
Lock on and prepare to beam us directly to Sickbay, but hang on for my signal.
Lock on comm.
Lock on complete.
Lock on photon torpedoes.
Lock on present coordinates.
Lock on target.
Lock on the Captain, bring him back.
Lock on the centre of the vortex.
Lock on the tractor beam.
Lock on to Alkar's signal.
Lock on to Commander Leitjen's signal.
Lock on to any life form you can find and get them over now.
Lock on to our troops on the surface and beam them aboard.
Lock on to the landing party.
Lock on tractor beam, Mister La Forge.
Lock on transporters to the intruder signals.
Lock onto the beacon.
Lock onto the science team and beam them aboard.
Lock onto their coordinates.
Lock out even your deepest dreams.
Lock phasers on target bearing to port.
Lock phasers on that thing and fire the moment it's in range.
Lock phasers on the Romulans and hold your fire.
Lock phasers on the ore and fire.
Lock phasers on the sentry pods.
Lock sensors on Nuria.
Lock up now.
Lock.
Locked on to the main bridge, Captain.
Locked on, sir.
Locked onto away team.
Locking in.
Locking on target.
Locking onto it now.
Locking tractor beam.
Lockman on first, Dark on second.
Locutus of Borg, this is Captain William T.
Locutus.
Logged in stardate 41334.
Logic cannot explain why, I know that I must pursue this.
Logic fails us sometimes, Data.
Logic subsystems still not responding.
Logical.
Logs accessed.
London's greatest detective?
Loneliness to belonging.
Loneliness.
Lonely?
Long after the battle is over, their courage will be remembered and extolled.
Long ago, a storm was heading toward the city of Quin'lat.
Long ago, our people believed in beings with great powers.
Long live the Klingon Empire.
Long range scan, Mister Data.
Long range scan.
Long range sensors have located the Phoenix.
Long, long ago there was much disorder.
Long.
Longitude forty degrees, two minutes east of the present terminator.
Look Corey, we're not cadets anymore.
Look Jason, I came here to talk to you because I'm the Ship's Counsellor.
Look about you, Sovak.
Look after me?
Look again.
Look around us.
Look around you, Data.
Look around you, the Ferengi are using their thought devices on you.
Look around you.
Look at all of the detail.
Look at all the other people you're with.
Look at him!
Look at him, Captain.
Look at his shoes.
Look at it, it's right here.
Look at me, Mister.
Look at me, aren't I courageous?
Look at that lesion.
Look at that ship closely.
Look at that.
Look at the clues.
Look at the common themes playing out on the holodeck.
Look at the four of us.
Look at the leer on his face.
Look at the markings.
Look at the momentum distribution of the ions.
Look at the size of that!
Look at these fragments.
Look at these jewels.
Look at this injury.
Look at this one.
Look at this stuff.
Look at this, Martin.
Look at this, we've all got three of a kind.
Look at those markings.
Look at us.
Look at what I've helped them become.
Look at what happens to the signal after the shields are dropped.
Look at what he's carrying.
Look at what we have so far.
Look at you.
Look at your father, Wyatt.
Look at your subprocessor matrix.
Look at yourself now.
Look closely.
Look closer.
Look fellas, this is no longer amusing.
Look for a riverbank and follow it until you come to the camp.
Look for a silver sphere.
Look for some commonality, something we all touched.
Look for this, Captain.
Look forward to this visit.
Look here what that young fella made for me.
Look how clean the edges are.
Look how you ruined that.
Look into my eyes.
Look into your heart and do what is best for him.
Look over at Data.
Look over there.
Look this isn't a Romulan labour camp.
Look upon death and always to remember.
Look what it got you.
Look what this ko'tal is doing.
Look what we've already discovered.
Look who's here.
Look who's talking.
Look!
Look, Aquiel, it's been a rough couple of days.
Look, Counsellor, I just feel that I'm not the right person for this job.
Look, Deanna, the point of negotiating is to take advantage.
Look, I don't regret anything that happened last night.
Look, I don't wish to appear rude, but I am not seeking jamaharon.
Look, I feel the same way.
Look, I got myself into this.
Look, I have done everything that everyone has asked of me and more.
Look, I have no reason to believe that Q is lying.
Look, I have the comm.
Look, I know how easy it is to get caught up in it.
Look, I really have to get this finished.
Look, I think I've answered enough of your questions.
Look, I'll review the situation and let you know as soon as I can.
Look, I'll run a microcellular scan.
Look, I'm about to go out of my mind for something to do.
Look, I'm sorry we got off to a bad start yesterday.
Look, I'm sorry, Data.
Look, I'm sorry.
Look, I've been smuggling artefacts from Federation sites for years.
Look, I've got the Yorktown out near the border.
Look, Mom, I don't know.
Look, Reg, it's been a long couple of days.
Look, Sarjenka, there is your home.
Look, Sonya.
Look, Wes, I don't have time for this.
Look, considering where you might be going, I wanted to.
Look, do you want my help or not?
Look, e have less than five minutes before we lose confinement.
Look, fellas, I hate to repair and run, but if you'll excuse me.
Look, he was my friend too, Wes.
Look, he's no use to us.
Look, hon.
Look, if we try to deceive one other, then we shall get nowhere.
Look, if we want to save the array, we need Barclay.
Look, if you watched the whole programme, you saw what it was.
Look, if you're right then we're dead and this doesn't make any difference.
Look, is this going to take much longer?
Look, it's getting late.
Look, it's just you and I here.
Look, kid.
Look, man.
Look, pal, why don't you do me a favour.
Look, the last thing I need is a partner.
Look, there are larger concerns here.
Look, there are plenty of other people to play dom-jot with.
Look, there it is again, and again.
Look, there's Stellar Cartography.
Look, this perhaps may be nothings, but I've been feeling a bit odd of late.
Look, we both know, the whole ship knows, I just can't cut it here.
Look, we can't afford to have any trouble in here.
Look, we have no reason to rule out anything.
Look, we'll get through this.
Look, we're not here to make accusations.
Look, we're nowhere near your vessel.
Look, why don't you just drop me off somewhere.
Look, you are treating me as if I am an invalid.
Look, you're preaching to the choir here.
Looking for answers.
Looking good so far.
Looking into the eyes of the Tripoli landing party.
Looks as if someone could have just dropped them.
Looks as though someone's lost their way.
Looks bad.
Looks good on you.
Looks like Soong's work.
Looks like a bloody skunk.
Looks like a conduit ruptured.
Looks like a fish.
Looks like a ghost.
Looks like a maintenance hatch to the installation.
Looks like a plasma conduit cut out in junction seventeen.
Looks like a star system in the Silarian sector.
Looks like collateral damage in the cargo area.
Looks like congratulations may be in order.
Looks like it ended kind of early.
Looks like it used a solid propellant as fuel.
Looks like it's just us, handsome.
Looks like it's just you and me.
Looks like just these two.
Looks like microfusion thrusters.
Looks like she wrote the book on propulsion.
Looks like some kind of ship.
Looks like somebody is fighting back.
Looks like the blade hit the sternum and was deflected.
Looks like the blast wiped out the ship's core memory.
Looks like the damage caused by an antimatter explosion.
Looks like the field collapsed before we could enter warp.
Looks like the missus booted you out in the middle of the night.
Looks like the poor devil died in his sleep.
Looks like the starboard array needs another subprocessor.
Looks like these Gatherers weren't too discriminating in what they steal.
Looks like they did a pretty thorough job.
Looks like they had a battle with time.
Looks like they had a rough ride.
Looks like they were in a hell of a fight.
Looks like they're being generated from within the rift.
Looks like they're getting ready to increase power.
Looks like they're regenerating, restoring power.
Looks like things are back to normal.
Looks like wave patterns from an obsolete subspace relay.
Looks like we have ourselves a family reunion.
Looks like we ran into a quantum filament.
Looks like we're all in the same boat.
Looks like we've done a pretty good job of that already, Doctor.
Looks like whoever's in the shuttle is trying to trigger the transwarp conduit.
Looks like you fractured your arm a few years ago.
Looks like you have the hand to beat, Commander.
Looks like you managed to record six point two seconds worth.
Looks like you're infected too.
Looks like you're the leader.
Looks like you've been up for a while.
Looks like you've got a control logic lockout in your regulator subsystem.
Looks like you've made a friend.
Looks like your friends know how to have fun.
Looks pretty empty to me.
Looks to me like you need a break.
Looks very interesting.
Lootings, fires, mass hysteria.
Lord knows why I keep risking my life for you, Sheriff.
Lore began to experiment, trying to re-make us in his image.
Lore had been disassembled.
Lore is controlling you.
Lore is far from the maniacal android you have made him out to be.
Lore is no longer functioning, sir.
Lore is only feeding you the negative ones.
Lore is only one.
Lore makes a run for it and Data follows.
Lore promised clarity and purpose.
Lore suddenly attacked me and I had to turn him off.
Lore told me the colonists envied him because you made him so completely human.
Lore's gone, sir.
Lore, I have a few questions to ask you.
Lore, I must deactivate you now.
Lore, it is Data.
Lore, sir.
Lore, wait.
Lore.
Loren Three.
Lorgh had no sons.
Lorin said that they would align themselves to our psi-wave patterns.
Lornak.
Lose?
Losing life support systems on decks five through nine.
Losing more power!
Losing response in the isocortex.
Losing them was very painful.
Lost in the vastness of the cosmic prairie, adrift on the deep ocean of time.
Lost sheep.
Lost to impatience.
Lot of work.
Lots of meat, butter, cheese, that should be a start.
Lots of work space, not much room to live.
Louder.
Louis, come in.
Love me.
Love them, of course.
Love to play, but not with these cards.
Love?
Lovely as ever.
Lovely breakfast.
Lovely creature.
Lovely visions, little data.
Lovely.
Low frequency EM.
Lowani under two moons.
Lower synaptic functions are completely normal.
Lower the force field.
Lower the shields.
Lower your shield!
Lower your weapons or Bok is dead.
Lower yours or your son dies.
Lowering shields.
Lowering wavelength in the energy system now.
Loyalty is not the issue, Commander.
Loyalty to one's clan was absolute.
Lubbock, Texas.
Luckily Ensign Fletcher was there to grab me.
Lucky him.
Ludugial gold.
Luisa Kim.
Luisa, it's very beautiful.
Lujpu' jiH'e, Alexandrijn.
Lumps, Professor?
Lunar Five is a maximum security facility.
Lunar Five is a military prison facility.
Lunar Five, an orbiting gulag.
Lunch time, Miles!
Lunch.
Lungha, her sky grey.
Lunkhead?
Lursa and B'Etor are feared, and fear is power.
Lursa and B'Etor have moved more quickly than I anticipated.
Lursa and B'Etor will call for help.
Lursa and B'Etor will have him killed.
Lursa and B'Etor, the sisters of Duras.
Lursa, B'Etor, come forward.
Lursa?
Lust.
Lutan is a fortunate man.
Lutan is clearly a liar, and devious.
Lutan is such, such a basic male image and having him say he wants you-
Lutan wants you to be his First One.
Lutan, why are you so obsessed with this Lieutenant Yar?
Lutan, you have granted us hospitality and the safety of your Centreplace].
Luxurious is more like it.
Lwaxana Troi and the honourable Miller family will soon arrive.
Lwaxana Troi has beamed down to Betazed, Captain.
Lwaxana Troi of Betazed, I believe.
Lwaxana Troi, you will be mine.
Lwaxana Troi.
Lwaxana has given her word.
Lwaxana would have me lead a revolt.
Lwaxana, Deanna and Commander Riker have disappeared.
Lwaxana, Deanna.
Lwaxana, I want to live because I see in you how much I have to live for.
Lwaxana, I'm sorry, but you're going to have to take some time and rest.
Lwaxana, as a matter of fact, I am rather busy at the moment.
Lwaxana, don't.
Lwaxana, this exceeds all boundaries.
Lwaxana, this is a custom I've known and accepted all my life.
Lwaxana, we have quite a bit of work planned.
Lwaxana, you and I are going to make such a wonderful team.
Lwaxana.
Lycosa tarantula.
Lying unconscious on the floor exactly as Data had described.
Lynch here, Captain.
Lynch here, sir.
M'ret?
M-4 is a subsidiary tunnel, but it crosses and links with several main ones.
M-class.
MANUAL Commander, don't, please!
MARTIN What is that?
Ma'am, excuse me.
Ma'am.
Machine, Correct, sir.
Machine?
Macias.
Macias?
Macro head with a micro brain.
Madam, I have enjoyed your company.
Madam, I'd be delighted.
Madam, have you considered a career in security?
Madame Bhavani, Caldonia withdraws from these proceedings.
Madame Guinan.
Madame, this way.
Madame.
Maddox could get lucky and create a whole army of Datas, all very valuable.
Made to give your exterior the desired finish.
Made us kill.
Made.
Madeline.
Madness?
Magicians have been making things of all sorts disappear for ages.
Magnesite, yes.
Magnetic clutter is increasing.
Magnetic containment of antimatter pods is constant.
Magnetic plasma transfer to warp field generators per programme specs.
Magnification deactivated.
Magnification factor fifty.
Magnification factor ten.
Magnification ten to the sixth.
Magnification, one hundred.
Magnify please, Lieutenant La Forge.
Magnify section two eight five.
Magnify sector gamma three and enhance.
Magnify to screen.
Magnify, Mister Worf.
Magnify.
Magnifying viewer image.
Magnitude twelve, class B.
Maht-H'a.
Maid Marian has promised to be my wife.
Main Engineering has been abandoned.
Main Engineering, deck thirty six.
Main coupling is matching navigational inputs, Captain.
Main latch bags to zero.
Main latch retraction one to one eight, initiate.
Main phaser banks ready.
Main phasers to ready.
Main power failing.
Main power failure?
Main shuttlebay is located on deck four.
Main shuttlebay, prepare for final approach.
Main star's a B class giant, the companion star's a pulsar.
Main viewer locked onto coordinates.
Main viewer on.
Main viewer.
Maintain Red Alert.
Maintain Yellow Alert.
Maintain a sensor lock on the torpedo, Mister Worf.
Maintain an open channel.
Maintain an open frequency, Mister Data.
Maintain an open frequency.
Maintain course and speed.
Maintain full sensor scans.
Maintain heading.
Maintain minimum auxiliary power and disengage subspace communications.
Maintain our current orbit.
Maintain our present course and speed for now.
Maintain position at Galorndon Core.
Maintain position!
Maintain pursuit.
Maintain shields at full intensity.
Maintain speed.
Maintain that.
Maintain the approach attitude, Data.
Maintain this course, Ensign.
Maintain this position.
Maintain tricorder security link.
Maintain your course and power.
Maintain your position until further notice.
Maintain your position, Lieutenant.
Maintain your present course and speed.
Maintain.
Maintaining a distance of four kilometres, directly astern.
Maintaining field integrity will be difficult, Geordi.
Maintaining low warp.
Maintaining manual control is going to become increasingly difficult.
Maintenance check in progress.
Mais oui, bien sur, monsieur.
Maj dok.
Major.
Make 'em nice and friendly.
Make a decision by dinnertime tonight.
Make a different choice.
Make a fist.
Make a full report to the flagship.
Make a full scan.
Make a future for yourself with us.
Make a good one.
Make all preparations to get underway.
Make any sense to you?
Make certain that faith is not misplaced.
Make certain we're not disturbed.
Make contact there and on all hailing frequencies.
Make every effort, Mister Data.
Make every one an event.
Make her see reason.
Make him your best friend.
Make it a priority one communique.
Make it a ship-wide search, Lieutenant.
Make it appear that it died in the crash.
Make it lighter so we can push it.
Make it part of you.
Make it part of your hand.
Make it public?
Make it so, Data.
Make it so, Ensign.
Make it so, Lieutenant.
Make it so, Mister La Forge.
Make it stop.
Make it unpalatable somehow.
Make me the way I was.
Make more weapons.
Make no further attempts, Mister Worf.
Make now always the most precious time.
Make phasers and photon torpedoes ready.
Make sure he knows what's going on.
Make sure it doesn't come in contact with our other engine.
Make sure it goes well, Commander.
Make sure nothing's wrong.
Make sure the bodies are never found.
Make sure the scanner select limiter matches the Visor output range.
Make sure you take all the necessary safety precautions.
Make sure you take all this junk with you.
Make that a double order.
Make that on the same starship.
Make that six to transport.
Make that three minutes.
Make that we.
Make the disc go into the cone.
Make the mark, Data.
Make the necessary preparations.
Make them understand.
Make things right between you.
Make us strong, or die.
Make way for Sherlock Holmes.
Make way, please, make way.
Make whatever arrangements you think are appropriate.
Make your point, so we can proceed with this unpleasant business.
Make your thoughts fruitful and your words eloquent.
Make yourself at home.
Makes it safer in case of earthquake.
Makes one question the sanity of humanoid forms.
Making her plod through human chores is beneath her.
Making sure your systems are operative.
Making them powerless.
Making this power adjustment is very tricky.
Male or female?
Male, adolescent.
Male, between twenty and thirty years old.
Male.
Malencon did work where the whatever it is was found.
Malencon.
Malencon?
Males and females.
Malfunction, I trust.
Malfunctioning?
Malfunctions are becoming serious.
Mallon, you'll be in charge while I'm gone.
Malnutrition.
Maman, do you understand these things?
Maman?
Man becomes a trivial creation, does he not?
Man number one cancels the sequence while Data rescues Varria.
Man, you sound just like my ex-wife.
Manheim spoke of?
Manheim was concentrating on time gravity experiments when he left.
Manheim.
Manipulate the synchronic distortion.
Manners, my son.
Manners.
Manoeuvre sequence delta.
Manoeuvring thrusters only.
Manoeuvring thrusters?
Manua's right, it gives me a chance to show you the progress we've been making.
Manua, someday I'll be able reward you for all your patience.
Manua, someday I'll be able to reward you for all your patience.
Manual override is jammed.
Manual override on shields.
Manual restart sequence.
Manual restart successful.
Many aspects of this situation are puzzling to me.
Many casualties very probable.
Many months.
Many of his journal entries took the form of letters to friends and family.
Many of its components have been removed.
Many of my colleagues fear what they have to say.
Many of the galaxy's greatest contributors have been similarly special.
Many of the people here are.
Many of them are genuinely unaware of what's going on.
Many of them are hurt but I can't tell where they are.
Many of them have given their lives to bring peace to the galaxy.
Many on the Council have great respect for you.
Many people died before we found a way to adapt to the radiation.
Many scientists have tried to develop it.
Many starved to death.
Many things have changed, including Tomalak.
Many things will be different.
Many were not looking forward to that.
Many will die.
Many.
Maques believes my mother's psyche has collapsed in on itself.
Maques could be wrong about this.
Maques, this is the beautiful daughter I've been telling you about.
Maques, what were you doing in Sickbay?
Maques.
March down there and destroy the man?
Margaret, something's very wrong here.
Marie.
Mariposa.
Marissa, is there a song you sing at school?
Mark my words, Picard, this is your Achilles heel.
Mark two six eight!
Mark zero.
Mark!
Mark, can you hear me?
Marla Aster?
Marouk's offer has value.
Marouk?
Marquez, you will take some people down and track the storm.
Marr, Raymond.
Marriage is an agreement to share who you are with someone else.
Marriage?
Marry Sir Guy if I have to.
Marry me.
Marrying you is out of the question for a million reasons.
Marta Batanides.
Martin.
Martyrs cannot be silenced.
Masaka and Korgano switching positions.
Masaka is awake.
Masaka is taking over my ship.
Masaka's father.
Masaka, show yourself.
Masaka?
Mask out the photosphere.
Masquerading as a god?
Mass and density suggest that it's fully loaded with cargo.
Mass hysteria?
Mass two point five million metric tons.
Massive infection is setting in.
Massive power failure to the scout ship, sir.
Massive sensor sweeps.
Master Barclay will spank you if you misbehave.
Match navigational referents to known stars in this sector.
Match speed.
Match velocity.
Matching phases.
Matching what's above.
Material needs no longer exist.
Mates, too bright.
Math.
Mating is a long ritual for us, full of variety and invention.
Mating?
Matrix levels?
Matta!
Matter conversion.
Matter injector is online.
Matter of internal security.
Matter valves are open and operating.
Matter-antimatter explosions appear to be ineffective, sir.
Matter-energy?
Matters more urgent caused our absence.
Matthew!
Maura!
Maura, I said not now.
Maura, come on, not now.
Maura, shame on you.
Maura.
Maura?
Maw' tok!
Maximum energy levels, five seconds.
Maximum impulse velocity.
Maximum power to the shields.
Maximum range.
Maximum scan.
Maximum setting.
Maximum shields will only speed the ship's takeover.
Maximum shields!
Maximum shields, ready all weapon systems.
Maxwell is taking retribution for his own loss.
Maxwell was right.
May I activate the viewer?
May I address him?
May I also extend a personal farewell to Lieutenant Yar?
May I ask a personal favour?
May I ask a question, sir, of a personal nature?
May I ask by whom?
May I ask how long?
May I ask how you got here?
May I ask how?
May I ask in what way?
May I ask the purpose of your journey?
May I ask the purpose of your request?
May I ask what business you're in?
May I ask what the Captain decided?
May I ask what you are doing in this system?
May I ask what you're looking for?
May I ask why you wanted it?
May I ask you a frank question?
May I ask you a personal question?
May I ask you a question, sir?
May I ask, Ambassador, what has this to do with us?
May I assist you, Commander?
May I assist?
May I at least watch?
May I be excused briefly?
May I be excused now?
May I be excused, Commander?
May I be shown the kitchen, Commander?
May I call you Beverly?
May I call you Data?
May I call you Will?
May I can assist you?
May I comet down and approach you?
May I escort you, Miss Troi?
May I finish before we return to Engineering?
May I get you a drink, dear?
May I give Eric some dessert?
May I go back and shut it down?
May I go now, sir?
May I have a minute?
May I have a moment, sir?
May I have a word with you for just a moment?
May I have a word with you, alone?
May I have it?
May I have your permission to do so?
May I help you, Mister Remmick?
May I help you, sir?
May I help?
May I inquire as to your destination?
May I inquire how your investigation is proceeding?
May I introduce our new First Officer, Commander William Riker.
May I join you, Commander?
May I know the reason for this communication?
May I know why?
May I know your reason?
May I offer you some refreshment, Chief?
May I offer you some refreshment?
May I offer you some tea, Captain?
May I please give some happiness to my friends, sir?
May I present Captain Jean-Luc Picard.
May I present Commander Bruce Maddox.
May I present Kalin Trose of Alpha Moon, and Lathal Bine of Beta Moon.
May I present Regina, the Countess Bartholomew.
May I present my aides, Glin Corak and Glin Tajor.
May I return later?
May I say goodbye to Doctor Soong, sir?
May I say goodnight to the boy?
May I say you face it with remarkable courage and stoicism.
May I say, Captain, how impressed we are with your ship and all its facilities.
May I scan the area?
May I see one?
May I see you a moment?
May I see you for a moment?
May I see you in the Observation Lounge, sir?
May I show you to your quarters?
May I sleep on it?
May I speak about my son, Wesley?
May I speak frankly, sir?
May I speak freely?
May I speak to them?
May I speak to you, Captain?
May I speak with Lieutenant Worf?
May I speak with you, Captain?
May I speak with you?
May I suggest a different approach?
May I suggest that you arrange to meet at another time, after the ceremony?
May I take a look?
May I take another look?
May I take my station, Captain?
May I try?
May I use this to learn more of this vessel and its customs?
May be exactly what I have needed.
May it fill our lives with new meaning.
May she find her way without us.
May we arrange for your transport?
May we be of assistance?
May we beam down with you and discuss it?
May we have a short recess?
May we have a visual on you as well?
May we have better luck.
May we offer our assistance?
May we pass?
May we prove as surprising to you.
May we see it?
May we speak?
May we turn on the viewer?
May whatever god you believe in have mercy on your soul.
May you all do your best.
May you die well.
May'pequ' moH.
Maybe Arthur stopped it, only not in time.
Maybe Doctor Crusher can treat you and bring you back to the way you were.
Maybe Hugh has something to do with this change in their behaviour.
Maybe I accidentally damaged it.
Maybe I am no father, and you're no son.
Maybe I am sick of following rules and regulations.
Maybe I am sick of living up to everyone else's expectations.
Maybe I can create an override sequence.
Maybe I can help with the Cairn.
Maybe I can teach you a lick or two.
Maybe I could stretch out these negotiations for a few days.
Maybe I did kill someone.
Maybe I did make to the weapons locker.
Maybe I do.
Maybe I got too involved with the Ghorusdans, with their point of view.
Maybe I have been a little hard on Lavelle.
Maybe I passed out.
Maybe I play with her.
Maybe I should check your systems.
Maybe I should get you a sherry.
Maybe I should go and help him.
Maybe I should go to Sickbay.
Maybe I should go.
Maybe I should have looked at the research more closely.
Maybe I should just go on ahead.
Maybe I should take a look at it for you.
Maybe I should take this to the authorities.
Maybe I want him to live just to keep me company.
Maybe I want nothing.
Maybe I was a little threatened.
Maybe I was just trying to forget it.
Maybe I was taking the whole thing personally.
Maybe I'd see you again.
Maybe I'll do just that.
Maybe I'll have something special for you, tonight, too.
Maybe I'll sit down.
Maybe I'm going about this in the wrong way.
Maybe I'm just afraid of the big chair.
Maybe I'm just not right for this part.
Maybe I'm just not used to seeing you in your officer's uniform.
Maybe I'm not cut out for this.
Maybe I'm not make myself clear, Guinan.
Maybe I'm the only one who can detect it because I'm interfaced with the probe.
Maybe I've forgotten.
Maybe Isabella knows that you've got new friends now.
Maybe Isabella provides a constant companion.
Maybe Isabella's gone home.
Maybe Pulaski can help.
Maybe Q did the right thing for the wrong reason.
Maybe Rocha didn't make the official logs.
Maybe Will left it for you.
Maybe a Spanish guitar.
Maybe a couple of days.
Maybe a demonstration model for some potential buyer.
Maybe a dozen or so survivors.
Maybe a few someone else's?
Maybe a little late, but we'll be there, sir.
Maybe a little soft jazz.
Maybe a little touch of that brandy?
Maybe a plant, or the sand.
Maybe all this is not any better than escaping into a holodeck fantasy.
Maybe all we need to do is to get our foot in the door.
Maybe an amplifier.
Maybe because I want something better for me, and for my children.
Maybe because a bald man was very kind to me once when I was hurting.
Maybe because it reminds us of our own mortality.
Maybe because when I was your age, I had one.
Maybe because you're an android.
Maybe beyond the galaxy.
Maybe both.
Maybe by uncovering all this, we run the risk of upsetting the stalemate.
Maybe communication through dreams can work both ways.
Maybe even getting a little overconfident.
Maybe even have a bite to eat?
Maybe even minimal exposure to the radiation altered the cellular physiology.
Maybe good friends.
Maybe he can do something.
Maybe he can find something.
Maybe he can't respond.
Maybe he had no choice.
Maybe he just didn't want to talk about her.
Maybe he just wants a big laugh.
Maybe he left a message of some kind, explaining why he did it.
Maybe he saw something was wrong.
Maybe he took it.
Maybe he was a friend or one of her patients.
Maybe he was absorbed by a coalescent during that mission.
Maybe he was afraid.
Maybe he was going to work on the converter, I don't know.
Maybe he's giving her pointers on how to land the Ops position.
Maybe he's right.
Maybe help him.
Maybe if I try alternating the frequencies.
Maybe if we put some distance between us, that might weaken it.
Maybe in concert with photon torpedoes we can slow them down.
Maybe in exchange for a tour of the colony and a home-cooked meal?
Maybe in the past.
Maybe it died.
Maybe it doesn't like what we're doing.
Maybe it is meant to represent an animal.
Maybe it is partly my fault.
Maybe it is.
Maybe it was a fluke.
Maybe it was a probe of some kind.
Maybe it was all part of the Bynar's programming.
Maybe it was designed to cause side effects.
Maybe it was just a malfunction in the transporter.
Maybe it was my imagination.
Maybe it was your old visor.
Maybe it would be easier for her if she learned the truth from you.
Maybe it's a problem with the comm.
Maybe it's about time we found out.
Maybe it's an unusual away mission.
Maybe it's another power grid malfunction?
Maybe it's because she's Betazoid.
Maybe it's mutated.
Maybe it's my music.
Maybe it's not too late.
Maybe it's probably nothing.
Maybe it's simpler than that.
Maybe it's the inhibitor.
Maybe it's the kind of thing a boy, a man needs to discuss with another man.
Maybe it's time we started acting like children.
Maybe its attempt to fire was unintentional.
Maybe my inputs were incorrect.
Maybe no one's home.
Maybe none of it was real.
Maybe not every medical facility is as careful as Doctor Crusher.
Maybe not impossible for Tin Man.
Maybe not.
Maybe now we can talk.
Maybe now we'll find out what they really want.
Maybe now we'll get some answers.
Maybe one word.
Maybe our enemy is watching us from inside.
Maybe she broke his heart.
Maybe she can protect herself.
Maybe she threw her voice.
Maybe she's just not trainable.
Maybe so.
Maybe some of us are better at facing that than others.
Maybe some of us aren't facing it at all.
Maybe somebody's trying to tell us something.
Maybe someday I'll end up there, but not yet.
Maybe someday, when our paths cross again, I won't be as easy to get rid of.
Maybe someday, when you're ready.
Maybe somehow he's unconsciously perceiving these creatures.
Maybe someone came in while you were away, let him out by accident.
Maybe something from his journals.
Maybe that clouded his judgement.
Maybe that is also required.
Maybe that we met, for one thing.
Maybe that's a good sign.
Maybe that's it, Data.
Maybe that's not what she wanted.
Maybe that's the perfect way to attract a metamorph.
Maybe that's the problem.
Maybe that's what happened to the Vico.
Maybe that's why he told us.
Maybe that's why no one else saw it.
Maybe that's why you painted it.
Maybe the Admiral would like to see the visual log of the explosion.
Maybe the Barzan readings were wrong.
Maybe the Captain can help us.
Maybe the air is toxic.
Maybe the computer could create one in the Holmes style.
Maybe the end begins with one boy putting down his gun.
Maybe the interface coding isn't as stable than we thought.
Maybe the life-form has reached its energy level.
Maybe the necklace you're wearing?
Maybe the rumours of a secret Romulan base in this sector are true.
Maybe their relationship is more like the sun and the moon.
Maybe there are a few things you should find out about.
Maybe there is.
Maybe there was a fragmentation of the protected memory circuits.
Maybe there was some kind of an accident.
Maybe there's a malfunction in the control processor.
Maybe there's a signal breach between his brain and his body.
Maybe there's a way we can all help ourselves to remember more.
Maybe there's more going on here than we thought.
Maybe these bars are just starting to feel a little heavy, Ensign.
Maybe they abandoned ship.
Maybe they abandoned the planet after he defected.
Maybe they caught somebody's attention.
Maybe they did.
Maybe they didn't all die in the bombardment.
Maybe they forgot.
Maybe they have better leaders.
Maybe they have something, a mechanism that focuses it.
Maybe they should, Data.
Maybe they went in for a closer look, got more than they bargained for.
Maybe they were interested in something that he did in the past.
Maybe they'll reduce your sentence after you've been extradited.
Maybe they're being held hostage in some fashion?
Maybe they've been living underground.
Maybe they've had contact with the Fleming.
Maybe things have changed here.
Maybe this is something Jean-Luc would like looked into.
Maybe this is the first step.
Maybe this one.
Maybe this turkey'll bring us some luck.
Maybe to be more persuasive, you need to use a little reverse psychology.
Maybe up here.
Maybe we are trying to tell ourselves something.
Maybe we both need some time.
Maybe we called their bluff.
Maybe we can anticipate its location.
Maybe we can be friends.
Maybe we can by-pass the flow regulator.
Maybe we can discuss that possibility.
Maybe we can do it again some time.
Maybe we can find an energy signature from their engines.
Maybe we can find another way to reach the village.
Maybe we can find them.
Maybe we can go around them.
Maybe we can help him out.
Maybe we can make a deal.
Maybe we can reach an accommodation.
Maybe we can stop the cellular decay before it's too late.
Maybe we can work in concert.
Maybe we could do something to help Will.
Maybe we missed something.
Maybe we should all get some sleep.
Maybe we should all get together.
Maybe we should all try and get some rest.
Maybe we should ask his cat.
Maybe we should ask them to join us in this.
Maybe we should be getting back to the Enterprise.
Maybe we should concentrate on the agricultural areas.
Maybe we should contact her.
Maybe we should destroy the Entity.
Maybe we should develop our own interphase device.
Maybe we should get started.
Maybe we should get the doctor's opinion first.
Maybe we should go further back.
Maybe we should just leave it alone.
Maybe we should leave well enough alone.
Maybe we should loosen things up a little bit, meet in a less official capacity.
Maybe we should reverse course.
Maybe we should run a biospectral analysis on the solvent.
Maybe we should run a level one diagnostic on those phase transition coils.
Maybe we should run a level three diagnostic on all key systems.
Maybe we should spend a little time together?
Maybe we should stay right here and see what happens.
Maybe we should switch quarters.
Maybe we should try surrounding it with a subspace containment field.
Maybe we should try to access the Engineering logs from Utopia Planitia.
Maybe we should work on your sense of humour, brother.
Maybe we took a wrong turn.
Maybe we won't have to.
Maybe we'd better talk in here.
Maybe we'll know more by the time we get there.
Maybe we're not getting the correct information.
Maybe we've been at this too long.
Maybe we've both been a bit hasty?
Maybe what you want doesn't matter any more.
Maybe you can forget.
Maybe you can help me with that.
Maybe you could draw me a picture.
Maybe you could schedule a series of breaks.
Maybe you could teach our males a thing or two.
Maybe you couldn't sense what I was feeling, but you helped.
Maybe you did nothing.
Maybe you forced her to come, Picard.
Maybe you haven't heard.
Maybe you just need to sit and talk with her.
Maybe you just poisoned it yourself.
Maybe you know a good Acamarian dessert recipe.
Maybe you ought to go to Sickbay.
Maybe you ought to talk to Counsellor Troi about it.
Maybe you saw a surge in the matter stream.
Maybe you should challenge Kolrami to Strategema.
Maybe you should get some rest.
Maybe you should go check again.
Maybe you should go to your room and play.
Maybe you should have told me what you were.
Maybe you should meet her.
Maybe you should talk to him, Jean-Luc.
Maybe you should talk to him.
Maybe you should tell me what her symptoms are.
Maybe you should try cleaning your plasma grid once in a while.
Maybe you should try something a little more abstract.
Maybe you were right.
Maybe you were seeing it through his eyes?
Maybe you would like to join her?
Maybe you'd like to do it.
Maybe you'll even want to try one of these on.
Maybe you'll understand when you get this recording.
Maybe you're hungry.
Maybe you're just going about it the wrong way, Data.
Maybe you're not the Worf once I knew.
Maybe you've found the door out of this.
Maybe you've just discovered another new level to your programme.
Maybe you.
Maybe your trombone playing will be one of them.
Maybe, but we need to figure out how to use it.
Maybe, but why waste time blaming yourself for not having been there?
Maybe, maybe she made the right choice.
McKinney, Ryan Sipe, Onna Karapleedeez.
McKnight, increase the distance between the Enterprise and the shuttle.
Me personally?
Me too, sir.
Me, I deal in property.
Me, I'm in a cage.
Me, I'm just hauling my butt back and forth between starbases.
Me, sir?
MeH HoD.
MeHmaH ghoS.
Meaning Captain Picard has no standing procedure for this type of situation?
Meaning Volnoth was murdered.
Meaning by accident, sir.
Meaning if I set up a simple oscillation, I can send out a signal.
Meaning somebody engineered it.
Meaning the microbrains might be photoelectric.
Meaning we can't keep you here much longer.
Meaning what?
Meaningless, since you have none.
Meaningless.
Meanwhile, I will have to write this incident into your permanent record.
Meanwhile, main Engineering is trying to return us to warp power.
Meanwhile, the desperate pleas from the Rachelis System continue.
Meanwhile, we must proceed with our rescue mission.
Meanwhile, we will maintain our present course.
Meanwhile, we're celebrating the return of an old friend.
Meanwhile, you can sit here and learn something.
Med Alert.
Medical Emergency.
Medical Lab on main viewer.
Medical Log, Stardate 43958.8.
Medical Officer's Log, supplemental.
Medical Officer's log, supplemental.
Medical assistance to Engineering.
Medical assistance to the Bridge!
Medical emergency in cargo bay three!
Medical emergency in main Engineering.
Medical emergency in the Admiral's quarters!
Medical emergency in the arboretum.
Medical emergency team to the Observation lounge.
Medical emergency, deck eight, room one four two!
Medical fakery.
Medical log, Stardate 42976.3.
Medical log, stardate 45431.7.
Medical log, stardate 46075.1.
Medical log, supplemental.
Medical override is authorised.
Medical personnel, report to the Bridge.
Medical research is always continuing, of course.
Medical research is sometimes a risky business.
Medical school didn't exactly prepare me for situations like this.
Medical ship?
Medical supplies are ready to be taken to cargo bay for transport.
Medical supplies.
Medical teams already preparing to beam down, Captain.
Medical's been worried about you.
Medical.
Medicine.
Meet Commander Riker in Transporter room three.
Meet me in Transporter room three at nineteen hundred hours.
Meet me in Transporter room three.
Meet me in Transporter room two.
Meet me in transporter room three.
Meet me in two hours.
Meet me on Engineering level three.
Meet my new partner.
Meet to discuss terms.
Meet us at intersection forty one.
Meet us at the Great Hall.
Meeting adjourned, then.
Meeting in order to set up a military alliance with the Federation.
Meeting you, meeting new people, with new ideas.
Meeting?
Melian is the foremost musician on Aldea.
Memories are formed by association.
Memories of home and hearth?
Memories our father wanted you to have.
Memory invasion is simply not a crime we've ever had to contend with.
Memory loss can be very disorienting.
Memory loss, fatigue, headaches.
Memory loss?
Memory or nightmare?
Memory or no, it seems clear that both you and I were born for battle.
Memory, save current setting.
Memory, strength, intelligence, reflexes, all become enhanced.
Men are not objects to be possessed, Mistress Beata.
Men can't bear young.
Men do not roar.
Men inseminate the women.
Men like us do not need holodecks, Wesley.
Men want to be attractive too, believe me.
Men!
Mendez and Brevelle are alive.
Mendez and Brevelle begin at two.
Mendez and Brevelle, you begin at two.
Mendez moves off that way.
Mendez was normal an hour before she disappeared.
Mendez was seen on the Aries an hour before she disappeared.
Mendon, it was a mistake.
Mendrossen and I never wanted to deceive you.
Merely throwing myself into the part, Watson.
Meribor, this is your brother's ceremony.
Meribor.
Meribor?
Mes parents sont originaires de Bourgonais.
Meson and lepton activity is definitely increasing.
Message coming in from Betazed, sir.
Message coming in from Haven, Captain.
Message coming in from Mordan, sir.
Message coming in, sir.
Message from Starfleet, Captain.
Message from the Hathaway, sir.
Message from the saucer module, sir.
Message on this has been transmitted to Starfleet, sir.
Message.
Messenger.
Metabolation?
Metabolism, immunity, all other vital signs excellent.
Metaconscious?
Metal fragments.
Metamorphs have a long and complex sexual maturing process.
Metaphasic shield holding.
Metaphasic shielding is a reality.
Metaphysics?
Metathesis is one of the most common of pronunciation errors, sir.
Methane and ammonia, primarily.
Method acting?
Method of departure unknown.
Method of propulsion is unknown, sir.
Mickey D thinks he can treat people any way he wants.
Microscopically, thermally, electromagnetically.
Microtome.
Mid twenty first century.
Mid-life?
Might I inquire, where are you from?
Might I introduce my First Officer, Kazago, and my Second, Rata?
Might I request something for my people?
Might be dangerous.
Might have been tough for him then.
Might help us get back on schedule.
Might indicate high output auxiliary generators kicking in.
Might make you feel better if you said you were sorry.
Might not be such a bad idea to take it easy for a while.
Might there be some side effect of Cairn telepathy of which we're unaware?
Might we go above deck?
Might we have moved into another dimension?
Milady, everyone in Nottingham knows, Sir Guy of Gisbourne.
Milan's work with radiation sensitivity suggests it is possible.
Milan.
Miles Edward O'Brien, I am still your wife.
Miles Edward O'Brien, sir.
Miles O'Brien?
Miles, what are you saying?
Miles.
Miles?
Military log, Combat date 43625.2.
Military log, supplemental.
Military supply port.
Military?
Milk, of course?
Milk, warm, a dash of nutmeg.
Millennia ago, they abandoned their belief in the supernatural.
Miller, if I could have prevented this I would have.
Miller.
Milton was speculating that in Heaven, roses wouldn't have thorns.
Min was beautiful, of course, strong, intelligent, patient.
Min!
Mind a visitor?
Mind if I ask you a question?
Mind if I give her a hand, Commander?
Mind if I join you, guys?
Mind if I visit for a while?
Mind over matter.
Mine as well.
Mine haven't.
Mine is a strange prison.
Mine is a type R.
Mine is about blankets.
Mine too.
Mine's out too.
Mine.
Mine?
Minimal damage.
Minimal oxygen atmosphere.
Minimal power.
Minimal weaponry.
Minimal, sir.
Minimal.
Minimum complement.
Minimum for our needs, sir.
Minimum power.
Mining?
Minister Campio is beaming on board, sir.
Minister Campio, Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Enterprise.
Minister Satok of Vulcan Security is standing by on a secure channel.
Minister, the woman should not be addressing you in the familiar.
Minister, we have the human female.
Minister, we're here in friendship, hoping to provide assistance.
Minister, we've been attempting to contact someone in your government.
Minister.
Minor damage in the secondary hull.
Minor damage only.
Minor damage to one ship.
Minor damage to secondary hull before we put our shields up, sir.
Minor damage to secondary hull.
Minor damage to starboard nacelle.
Minor damage to the port nacelle.
Minor damage.
Minor emergency.
Minor hit on the port deflector.
Minor now, but then their conditions were obviously terminal.
Minor quakes, nothing extraordinary.
Minor skirmishes are all that's left.
Minos, the arsenal of freedom.
Mint tea.
Mintakan emotions are quite interesting.
Minuet, Captain Jean-Luc Picard.
Minus two hundred degrees, sir.
Minutes is fine.
Mirab, his sails unfurled?
Mirab, with sails unfurled.
Miranda Vigo is his mother but I am not his father.
Miranda was trained as a botanist.
Miranda's first encounter with other human beings.
Mirasta Yale?
Mirasta said it would be a mistake to discuss this with you.
Mirasta, it goes against every instinct in my being.
Mirasta, you are incredibly naive.
Miridian six?
Mirok.
Miss Henshaw.
Miss Odell, you were the one who wanted a new home.
Miss?
Missing information due to the range.
Missing someone?
Missing?
Mission accomplished, sir.
Mission accomplished.
Mission briefing in ten minutes.
Mission logs, science logs, medical logs, they're all scrambled.
Mission specialist.
Mission?
Mister Barclay and I thank you, sir.
Mister Barclay will find out what it means to be threatened.
Mister Barclay, I want you to stop this experiment for now.
Mister Barclay, I'm tired of seeing your name on report.
Mister Barclay, are you responsible for this graviton field disturbance?
Mister Barclay, remove yourself from the computer system.
Mister Barclay, respond at once!
Mister Barclay, this is a direct order.
Mister Barclay, you will keep that safe?
Mister Barclay?
Mister Burke, will you handle that?
Mister Castillo.
Mister Clemens, it is imperative that we continue our mission.
Mister Clemens, what can you tell me about this?
Mister Clemens.
Mister Comic, I wish to know what is funny.
Mister Computer, the arch, please.
Mister Conor, I believe that you and I should talk.
Mister Conor, we were unaware that there were human colonies in this system.
Mister Crusher helped me.
Mister Crusher is correct, sir.
Mister Crusher make it so.
Mister Crusher what was that?
Mister Crusher, I need those shields!
Mister Crusher, I summoned you almost ten minutes ago.
Mister Crusher, all stop.
Mister Crusher, any heading, warp six.
Mister Crusher, are these ships in a diamond slot formation?
Mister Crusher, bring us in well clear of the planet's three moons.
Mister Crusher, come about to course one four eight zero zero three.
Mister Crusher, did your team remain in formation throughout the loop?
Mister Crusher, engage.
Mister Crusher, fix coordinates onto that vessel.
Mister Crusher, how long would it take us to get there?
Mister Crusher, keep us within two hundred kilometres of the Enterprise-C.
Mister Crusher, lay in a course for Archer Four.
Mister Crusher, look for any signs of water, no matter how faint.
Mister Crusher, move the Enterprise out of range of the attacking vessel.
Mister Crusher, new coordinates.
Mister Crusher, prepare to make it so.
Mister Crusher, put us into close orbit.
Mister Crusher, ready a collision course with the Borg ship.
Mister Crusher, realign for polar orbit.
Mister Crusher, reconfigure working thrusters to manual input.
Mister Crusher, report to the Bridge.
Mister Crusher, respond.
Mister Crusher, scan for a class-M environment.
Mister Crusher, set a course for the Beta Agni Two system, warp six.
Mister Crusher, set coordinates for Starbase Lya Three.
Mister Crusher, set course for Betazed.
Mister Crusher, set course for the Acamar system.
Mister Crusher, set course for the Hromi Cluster.
Mister Crusher, set course for the nearest starbase.
Mister Crusher, set course for the original coordinates.
Mister Crusher, stow that with the medical supplies.
Mister Crusher, take us out of here.
Mister Crusher, take us out of orbit.
Mister Crusher, upon their return move us to a safe position.
Mister Crusher, we've rendezvoused with the Merrimack.
Mister Crusher, will you describe a Yeager loop?
Mister Crusher, would you describe what happened after you left orbit of Titan?
Mister Danar, I'm transferring you to Angosian security.
Mister Data and our guest appear to be tardy.
Mister Data estimated time to intercept with the Phoenix.
Mister Data has agreed to join me on the away team, Captain.
Mister Data has been briefing me on the away team's comportment, Number One.
Mister Data helped a little.
Mister Data here will see to your every comfort.
Mister Data is coordinating the salvage efforts now.
Mister Data is making arrangements.
Mister Data to the Bridge, please.
Mister Data will need access to your library.
Mister Data will remain on the surface.
Mister Data!
Mister Data's business is his own, and I will thank you to leave now.
Mister Data's protecting me tonight.
Mister Data, I fear I sadly misjudged you.
Mister Data, I just want you to know that Gosheven doesn't speak for all of us.
Mister Data, I look forward to your next concert.
Mister Data, I need you to slow us to impulse speed.
Mister Data, I see you gifts have been well received.
Mister Data, I want you to access any available records on Amanda Rogers.
Mister Data, I want you to review their research.
Mister Data, I want you to take charge of this investigation.
Mister Data, I was hoping I'd have a chance to meet you.
Mister Data, I'd like a word with Commander La Forge.
Mister Data, I'll a projection of the radiation's impact on the crew.
Mister Data, I'm delighted to see that you dressed for the occasion.
Mister Data, Mister La Forge, increase to warp five.
Mister Data, Mister Worf, I want you to go along.
Mister Data, Mister Worf, proceed as we discussed.
Mister Data, Mister Worf.
Mister Data, Mister Worf?
Mister Data, a stolen transport vessel has departed from Lunar Five.
Mister Data, advise the Astral Five annex.
Mister Data, are there any other signs of ships in this area?
Mister Data, are they in working condition?
Mister Data, are we close enough for a scan?
Mister Data, are your sensors picking up anything?
Mister Data, ask them to identify themselves and match our orbit.
Mister Data, begin a level one diagnostic.
Mister Data, begin a scan of the interior surface for life forms.
Mister Data, can we stop these incursions?
Mister Data, can you access it?
Mister Data, can you find me some way to communicate with these things?
Mister Data, can you project a course from it?
Mister Data, come with me.
Mister Data, contact the Enterprise.
Mister Data, continue with your scan.
Mister Data, continue your scan.
Mister Data, could this be a Dyson Sphere?
Mister Data, could you reconfigure the sensors to detect these anomalies?
Mister Data, deploy sensor scans when you're ready.
Mister Data, disengage the power transfer.
Mister Data, do whatever is necessary to override the interference.
Mister Data, get us back online.
Mister Data, go to main Engineering.
Mister Data, have you secured all of the shuttle debris?
Mister Data, how close are you to completing the tachyon scan?
Mister Data, how long before the wave overtakes us?
Mister Data, how long before we reach the rendezvous point?
Mister Data, how long to the field?
Mister Data, how long until we clear Cardassian space?
Mister Data, how long until we reach the centre?
Mister Data, how long would it take to get there at warp nine?
Mister Data, how many people on the Enterprise are from non-Federation planets?
Mister Data, how much time?
Mister Data, if what you say is true, then this is not Geordi La Forge.
Mister Data, input a new code.
Mister Data, invite them to stand to.
Mister Data, is any of this possible?
Mister Data, is that the trouble I believe it is?
Mister Data, is the wave affecting our warp drive?
Mister Data, is there any other pertinent information before we reply?
Mister Data, keep an eye on the Cardassian border.
Mister Data, kindly assume your station.
Mister Data, lock onto the scout ship.
Mister Data, notify Security to prepare a detention cell.
Mister Data, our sensors have been rendered ineffective by the field distortion.
Mister Data, overlay weapon ranges of the two ships.
Mister Data, perhaps you had better re-examine the Array.
Mister Data, prepare the colonists for an evacuation.
Mister Data, prepare to disrupt the beam.
Mister Data, prepare to launch three level-five probes.
Mister Data, proceed with the mission as planned.
Mister Data, programme the firing sequence.
Mister Data, put the planet on the main viewer.
Mister Data, reconfigure high resolution sweep, radius one million kilometres.
Mister Data, remodulate our shield frequencies.
Mister Data, report to detention cell three.
Mister Data, run a full systems diagnostic.
Mister Data, scan for defences.
Mister Data, scan.
Mister Data, see if there is any mention of a Jason Vigo in Federation records.
Mister Data, set course for Loren Three, maximum warp.
Mister Data, set course for the Neutral Zone.
Mister Data, shut down the transmission.
Mister Data, take your station and keep her with you.
Mister Data, the asteroid we destroyed.
Mister Data, the nearest pulsar is in the Lonka cluster, is it not?
Mister Data, the rest of us may lose consciousness.
Mister Data, this channel will remain open.
Mister Data, to the Bridge please.
Mister Data, try and clean that up.
Mister Data, try to isolate any signal patterns from the cluster.
Mister Data, we have to find some way out of here.
Mister Data, we have to stop the Enterprise.
Mister Data, we have two minutes to figure out what we can do with it.
Mister Data, we must hurry or we'll miss Commander Riker's party.
Mister Data, we need a solution and we need it now.
Mister Data, welcome home.
Mister Data, what are we looking at?
Mister Data, what can you tell us?
Mister Data, what do we know about Indri Eight?
Mister Data, what do we know about this Ardra?
Mister Data, what is her heading?
Mister Data, what kind of cake is this?
Mister Data, what the hell happened?
Mister Data, what velocity would put us back on schedule?
Mister Data, what was Stargazer's condition?
Mister Data, what's going on?
Mister Data, what's our heading?
Mister Data, what's their offensive potential?
Mister Data, what's your analysis?
Mister Data, who is real here?
Mister Data, will you contact Holza, arrange a meeting?
Mister Data, will you escort the Minister to the transporter room?
Mister Data, will you join me in my Ready room.
Mister Data, will you please report to my Ready room.
Mister Data, will you report to Sickbay.
Mister Data, will you report to my Ready Room?
Mister Data, will you signal the science ship that we're on our way.
Mister Data, will you take your position?
Mister Data, with me.
Mister Data, withdraw the Enterprise.
Mister Data, would you escort the Professor to his quarters.
Mister Data, would you explain?
Mister Data, you are hereby assigned to Q for the remainder of his stay.
Mister Data, you are our resident honour student in exobiology.
Mister Data, you have the bridge.
Mister Data, you must mean it's empty of matter.
Mister Data, you said that you found organic matter in the temporal aperture.
Mister Data, you were ordered to rendezvous with the fleet at Gamma Eridon.
Mister Data, you will be the only one unaffected by the hypersonic burst.
Mister Data, you will come with me right now.
Mister Data, you will coordinate the evacuation of the colonists.
Mister Data, you will escort Q to Engineering.
Mister Data, you're a clever man in any time period.
Mister Data, you're with me.
Mister Data, your analysis?
Mister Data, your final report.
Mister Data, your resourcefulness never ceases to amaze me.
Mister Data, your status?
Mister Dirgo, I would appreciate it if you didn't bury me before I'm gone.
Mister Dokachin, we must find this ship and you're the only one who can help us.
Mister Dokaychin?
Mister Elbrun.
Mister Fajo has no moral difficulties at all.
Mister Fajo is deluding himself if he believes he can keep me here.
Mister Fajo, I realise we have acquired your complete supply of hytritium.
Mister Fajo, I would like to analyse your sensor readings of the explosion.
Mister Fajo, thank you for your help.
Mister Gleason, can you pinpoint the source of the Borg transmission?
Mister Hill?
Mister Hobson!
Mister Hobson, prepare to fire.
Mister Homn is my valet.
Mister Homn said he saved it in case someday you wanted to remember her.
Mister Homn was no help?
Mister Homn will conduct the joining.
Mister Homn will lay it out for us.
Mister Homn, I noticed some uttaberries back along the path.
Mister Homn, your duties.
Mister Homn?
Mister Jakara, we have been unable to confirm anything you told us.
Mister Kelso.
Mister Kelso?
Mister Kolrami, may I speak with you in private?
Mister Kolrami, when I agree to do something.
Mister Kolrami.
Mister Kurland!
Mister Kurland, I assume you can manoeuvre it home?
Mister Kurland, this is Captain Picard.
Mister Kurland, this is Lieutenant Yar.
Mister Kurland, you are not going to die out there.
Mister La
Mister La Forge and Doctor Clark have made no headway.
Mister La Forge has a plan to modulate shield nutation.
Mister La Forge has been assigned to evaluate the situation.
Mister La Forge has made some progress with the metal fragments.
Mister La Forge indicated that this was not an entirely routine mission.
Mister La Forge remains under Doctor Crusher's care.
Mister La Forge wants to get an idea of the size of the pocket.
Mister La Forge, Doctor Brahms, congratulations.
Mister La Forge, Doctor, they'll be at their destination in less than a minute.
Mister La Forge, I am still having difficulty controlling the shuttlecraft.
Mister La Forge, I believe we will postpone.
Mister La Forge, I cannot excuse my entire senior staff.
Mister La Forge, I may have to take us out of the nebula.
Mister La Forge, I think it's about time, isn't it?
Mister La Forge, I want Lieutenant Worf to accompany you.
Mister La Forge, I would like you to accompany Captain Scott.
Mister La Forge, I'm going to assist you in your research.
Mister La Forge, Mister Data.
Mister La Forge, accompany Doctor Clark back to the science station.
Mister La Forge, are we close enough to use the Visual Acuity transmitter?
Mister La Forge, are you all right?
Mister La Forge, are you ready to separate our guest from the hull?
Mister La Forge, begin work on that homing device.
Mister La Forge, can we beam an away team onto the science ship?
Mister La Forge, can we follow them into the conduit?
Mister La Forge, can we see into the lab yet?
Mister La Forge, can you extend our sensor range?
Mister La Forge, chart a course for it immediately.
Mister La Forge, do we have any record of our current mission?
Mister La Forge, do you have any evidence to support this hypothesis?
Mister La Forge, do you have any ideas?
Mister La Forge, engage.
Mister La Forge, get us out of here.
Mister La Forge, go to warp.
Mister La Forge, have we shut down all non-essential energy usage?
Mister La Forge, how are you coming with that comm.
Mister La Forge, how long before the baryon sweep begins on the Enterprise?
Mister La Forge, how long do you estimate it will take to restore the engines?
Mister La Forge, how much longer before we can transport the Boraalans?
Mister La Forge, how much more can we get out of that tractor beam?
Mister La Forge, it's time to set a course for Parliament.
Mister La Forge, lay in a course on those coordinates.
Mister La Forge, move us in closer.
Mister La Forge, on my command, I want all the power you can muster.
Mister La Forge, open hailing frequencies.
Mister La Forge, out of orbit.
Mister La Forge, perhaps you should take Mister Data to Engineering.
Mister La Forge, prepare for saucer separation.
Mister La Forge, prepare to go to warp power.
Mister La Forge, prepare to initiate warp drive.
Mister La Forge, prepare to launch the construction module.
Mister La Forge, prepare to reverse engines.
Mister La Forge, prepare to take us out of orbit.
Mister La Forge, report to Transporter room three.
Mister La Forge, see if you can move us away from the disturbance.
Mister La Forge, set course for Starbase Eighty four.
Mister La Forge, set course zero five eight, mark one seven three.
Mister La Forge, shut down all computer access to Ten Forward.
Mister La Forge, start working on the problem.
Mister La Forge, take them to Engineering.
Mister La Forge, take us in a little closer.
Mister La Forge, take us out of orbit.
Mister La Forge, the system is clear.
Mister La Forge, time is the one thing which we do not have in abundance.
Mister La Forge, we have to find some way to communicate with these life forms.
Mister La Forge, we'll attempt your warp jump as soon as you're prepared.
Mister La Forge, what are your thoughts?
Mister La Forge, what if you begin to change?
Mister La Forge, what is the power efficiency of the wave?
Mister La Forge, what is your status?
Mister La Forge, what's going on?
Mister La Forge, what's your status?
Mister La Forge, when I left this ship, it was in one piece.
Mister La Forge, whenever you're ready.
Mister La Forge, why don't you take a look at the doctor's experimental data.
Mister La Forge, why not go out and take a closer look.
Mister La Forge, will you excuse us, please?
Mister La Forge, will you send another probe to the T-tauri system?
Mister La Forge, you have command of the Bridge.
Mister La Forge, you have the Bridge.
Mister La Forge, you will lead the away team over to the scout.
Mister La Forge, your best suggestion in an hour.
Mister La Forge, your recommendations?
Mister La Forge, your status?
Mister La Forge?
Mister LaForge hopes that we've got close to achieving what you wanted.
Mister LaForge, give him a hand.
Mister LaForge.
Mister Locarno has been expelled.
Mister Locarno made an impassioned plea for the rest of you.
Mister Locarno, you are the leader of Nova Squadron.
Mister Locarno.
Mister Locarno?
Mister Logan, I'm in command.
Mister Logan, had we stayed, we would have been destroyed.
Mister Logan, report to the Bridge.
Mister Logan, you are going to take command of the Saucer Section.
Mister Mandel, I'd like you to assist Ensign Ro.
Mister Mandl, an attack on one of my crew gives me the right.
Mister Mandl, you know the Prime Directive.
Mister Mendoza.
Mister Mordock will be finished with his psych test momentarily.
Mister Mordock will be the candidate.
Mister Mot.
Mister O'Brien can keep a lock on our communicators.
Mister O'Brien do you have the Captain's signal?
Mister O'Brien says the weapon was in a state of discharge.
Mister O'Brien was the one who safely executed the return of the away team.
Mister O'Brien!
Mister O'Brien, how large is this anomaly?
Mister O'Brien, no maintenance on the transporters until further notice.
Mister O'Brien, prepare to lock onto the two crewmen.
Mister O'Brien, stand by for transport.
Mister O'Brien, stand by to transport.
Mister O'Brien, trust me.
Mister Okona seems to have excellent vision as well as a healthy libido.
Mister Okona to the Bridge immediately.
Mister Okona, what crimes are you accused of?
Mister Okona, you are free to socialise with the members of my crew.
Mister Okona, you were welcomed aboard without any undue investigation.
Mister Okona.
Mister Orton?
Mister Picard, I need to be talking to you.
Mister Pikerd.
Mister Prime Minister, with all due respect, you will have to force us.
Mister Radioactive?
Mister Ral, congratulations on winning the rights to the Barzan wormhole.
Mister Ral?
Mister Ramsey and the other survivors refuse to leave.
Mister Ramsey is correct, Counsellor.
Mister Remmick has left the ship.
Mister Remmick's presence is unnerving, to say the least.
Mister Remmick, Starfleet is counting on you.
Mister Remmick, unless there are any further questions.
Mister Remmick, you have talked to every member of this ship.
Mister Remmick, young men sometimes make rash choices.
Mister Riker, four to beam up.
Mister Riker, prepare an away team.
Mister Riker, put us nose to nose with the Sheliak ship.
Mister Riker, will you go ahead with the briefing.
Mister Robot, would you like to come up?
Mister Sabin.
Mister Scott.
Mister Singh sent me off to class.
Mister Solis, bring her about to two three mark one eight five.
Mister Suna.
Mister Tarmin, are all Ullians able to read memories?
Mister Tarses, your records state that you were born on Mars Colony.
Mister Tarses.
Mister Tholl!
Mister Whalen's life.
Mister Woof.
Mister Worf acknowledge.
Mister Worf beat you to it.
Mister Worf has found a brother who still lives on Mars Colony.
Mister Worf is ready to give you a detailed briefing on Tilonian culture.
Mister Worf is supervising the exercises.
Mister Worf open a channel to the Lysians.
Mister Worf re-establish communication.
Mister Worf stay at Tactical.
Mister Worf to my Ready room.
Mister Worf will accompany you.
Mister Worf will help you.
Mister Worf's a very good teacher.
Mister Worf's on his way.
Mister Worf's what?
Mister Worf, I am depending on you.
Mister Worf, I am sorry if I have ended our friendship.
Mister Worf, I can handle myself.
Mister Worf, I didn't give you enough credit.
Mister Worf, I do appreciate your caution.
Mister Worf, I don't have to lecture you on the principle of non interference.
Mister Worf, I gave you an order.
Mister Worf, I hate surprise parties.
Mister Worf, I have my orders.
Mister Worf, I thought our meeting was scheduled for eleven hundred hours.
Mister Worf, I told you to bring the tickets.
Mister Worf, I want a level three security alert until further notice.
Mister Worf, I want continual monitoring of Ferengi subspace frequencies.
Mister Worf, I want you to assign a security detail to Jason.
Mister Worf, I want you to station yourself outside her quarters.
Mister Worf, I will not help a friend commit suicide.
Mister Worf, I'm surprised at you.
Mister Worf, Red alert.
Mister Worf, activate the deflector.
Mister Worf, adjust the sensors to compensate for the distortion.
Mister Worf, advise Beta Agni Two that our departure is imminent.
Mister Worf, any further activity?
Mister Worf, any luck?
Mister Worf, any other ships in the vicinity of Dulisian Four?
Mister Worf, are the photons ready?
Mister Worf, are we in firing range?
Mister Worf, are you certain that this is the right decision?
Mister Worf, are you feeling all right?
Mister Worf, arm phaser banks and photon torpedoes.
Mister Worf, arm phasers.
Mister Worf, arm photon torpedoes.
Mister Worf, ascertain their offensive potential.
Mister Worf, assemble an Away team to accompany me to the surface.
Mister Worf, attempt a wide range sensor sweep.
Mister Worf, be sure we get tricorder images of their tactical display.
Mister Worf, bring Ensign DeSeve to my Ready room.
Mister Worf, can we use the phasers to open a hole in the sphere?
Mister Worf, can you beam him out of there?
Mister Worf, channel all available power to the structural integrity fields.
Mister Worf, check hull and shield integrity for any sign of intruders.
Mister Worf, confine Mister Riker to his quarters.
Mister Worf, contact Ambassador Alkar.
Mister Worf, contact Chorgan.
Mister Worf, contact the mining settlement.
Mister Worf, coordinate your teams with Doctor Crusher and Commander La Forge.
Mister Worf, do you see any survivors?
Mister Worf, end Red alert.
Mister Worf, escort Commander Riker from the Bridge.
Mister Worf, escort our Ferengi guests to quarters.
Mister Worf, escort the Captain to his quarters.
Mister Worf, everything is all right.
Mister Worf, fire phasers, maximum intensity, limited spectrum.
Mister Worf, fire phasers.
Mister Worf, from this moment on, I want to maintain a level two security alert.
Mister Worf, get a lock on him as soon as you can.
Mister Worf, get him out of here.
Mister Worf, get me the Sheliak.
Mister Worf, hail the Bre'el Four science station.
Mister Worf, hail the Romulan flagship.
Mister Worf, hail the Romulan vessel.
Mister Worf, hail the alien vessel.
Mister Worf, hailing frequency.
Mister Worf, has there been any answer to our communication?
Mister Worf, has there been any response to our hails?
Mister Worf, have all security precautions been taken?
Mister Worf, have our passenger's accommodations met with their approval?
Mister Worf, have security evacuate all personnel from those decks.
Mister Worf, have tractor beams standing by.
Mister Worf, have you been able to identify the source of the radiation?
Mister Worf, how long before the storm reaches the outposts?
Mister Worf, how long before we intercept the Vulcan ships?
Mister Worf, initiate your search pattern.
Mister Worf, is there some reason why you're trying to give yourself more work?
Mister Worf, it's going to be far more difficult where we're going.
Mister Worf, keep a close eye on Q's friends out there.
Mister Worf, keep your lock on her no matter what happens.
Mister Worf, launch four Class A probes toward the planets.
Mister Worf, launch the probe.
Mister Worf, let's raise our voice a little.
Mister Worf, lock on with a tractor beam and return it to the ship.
Mister Worf, lock onto Major Rakal.
Mister Worf, lock onto their weapon systems only and prepare to fire.
Mister Worf, lock phasers on their previous position and fire.
Mister Worf, maintain a continuous sensor sweep.
Mister Worf, maintain a lock on her signal once she's aboard.
Mister Worf, make it so.
Mister Worf, maximum shields.
Mister Worf, on screen.
Mister Worf, open a channel to Starbase two nineteen.
Mister Worf, open a channel to that communications array.
Mister Worf, open a channel to the Bajoran vessel.
Mister Worf, open a channel.
Mister Worf, override the shuttle's computer.
Mister Worf, phasers.
Mister Worf, please accompany him.
Mister Worf, please see to the security arrangements for our guest's stay.
Mister Worf, prepare a photon torpedo.
Mister Worf, prepare a probe and launch when ready.
Mister Worf, prepare a tractor beam.
Mister Worf, prepare the phasers.
Mister Worf, prepare to detonate
Mister Worf, prepare to drop shields.
Mister Worf, prepare to drop the shields.
Mister Worf, prepare to return fire.
Mister Worf, prepare your little surprise.
Mister Worf, provide security.
Mister Worf, ready phasers.
Mister Worf, ready photon torpedoes.
Mister Worf, red alert.
Mister Worf, relay the prefix codes of the Phoenix to the Cardassian warship.
Mister Worf, report to my Ready room.
Mister Worf, report.
Mister Worf, request granted.
Mister Worf, same magnification fifty degrees starboard.
Mister Worf, see that the representatives are safely transported off the ship.
Mister Worf, send a message by subspace.
Mister Worf, send a message to Admiral Haden at Starfleet.
Mister Worf, send a message to the nearest starbase.
Mister Worf, send a message to the warbird.
Mister Worf, set a course for Torman Five.
Mister Worf, set off alpha four two.
Mister Worf, start a long range scan of the region.
Mister Worf, sweep the area.
Mister Worf, take charge of the Doctor.
Mister Worf, take the weapons offline.
Mister Worf, take them to level five.
Mister Worf, target two hundred metres below the apex of the particle stream.
Mister Worf, tell transporter room two to stand by.
Mister Worf, that is an order.
Mister Worf, the Boraalans already know you.
Mister Worf, this is as far as I can go.
Mister Worf, throw him in the brig.
Mister Worf, transporter room three.
Mister Worf, try to reestablish.
Mister Worf, use whatever means to neutralise the intruder.
Mister Worf, villains who wear twirl their moustaches are easy to spot.
Mister Worf, we're all doing the best we can in a difficult situation.
Mister Worf, what is going on?
Mister Worf, what is my rank and position?
Mister Worf, what is your analysis?
Mister Worf, what's our status?
Mister Worf, what's the date?
Mister Worf, where are the Romulans?
Mister Worf, where is the Devoras now?
Mister Worf, will you accompany me to the Transporter Room?
Mister Worf, will you bring in the next person?
Mister Worf, will you come in here for a moment?
Mister Worf, will you escort him to my ready room.
Mister Worf, will you escort the Ambassador to his quarters.
Mister Worf, will you escort the Doctor to her quarters.
Mister Worf, will you hail Captain Maxwell?
Mister Worf, will you keep an eye on the sensors.
Mister Worf, will you launch another probe.
Mister Worf, will you man your station.
Mister Worf, will you route the call through to Doctor Crusher's office.
Mister Worf, would you escort our guest to the transporter room?
Mister Worf, you and Mister Data will accompany me.
Mister Worf, you are personally responsible for the Captain's safety.
Mister Worf, you come with me.
Mister Worf, you may have him confined.
Mister Worf, you two seal the chamber.
Mister Worf, you will find a small alien ship off the starboard bow.
Mister Worf, you will report back to the Bridge.
Mister Worf, you're with me.
Mister Worf, your presence here is obvious.
Mister Worf, your service aboard the Enterprise has been exemplary.
Mister Worf.
Mistress Ariel, I hear the words but not the sincerity.
Mistress Beata be damned!
Mistress Beata is willing to give you a second chance.
Mistress Beata observed that Mister Ramsey and his men are dangerous.
Mistress Beata, before we see living examples of your compassion, may I speak?
Mitosis, right.
Mixed feelings for all of us.
Mixture complete.
Mizarians value peace above confrontation.
Mizarians.
Mmm, nutmeg.
Mmm-hmmm.
Mmm?
Mmmm.
Model air ships.
Moderate damage to their aft shield generators.
Moderate damage to their forward shields.
Modifications are complete.
Mogh betrayed us, and four thousand Klingons died on Khitomer.
Mogh was innocent.
Mogh was loyal to the Emperor.
Moi?
Molecular resolution at sixty percent.
Molecules flying apart, half phased?
Molly gets in a terribly foul mood if I'm late.
Mom really liked Curtis Creek.
Mom was beautiful, wasn't she?
Mom, I miss you.
Mom, I'm really sorry I didn't by to see you a few weeks ago.
Mom, I've learned a more than they understand.
Mom, could you get me a look at the Bridge?
Mom, don't try to protect me.
Mom, he's my friend.
Mom, how did you get here?
Mom, is it you?
Mom, is something wrong?
Mom, it's Data.
Mom, that gold pattern wasn't there.
Mom, you don't understand.
Mom, you know that's not why I asked for my own quarters this time.
Moments before we crashed, the bridge was struck by lightning.
Momma's here.
Mommy, can we go play by the water?
Mommy, please?
Mommy?
Mon Capitane, I really think that we need to speak privately.
Mon Capitane.
Mon capitane.
Money.
Monitor the subject.
Monitoring two point three, one point eight.
Monitors are functioning normally again.
Monogamous marriage will not be possible for several generations.
Monsieur, welcome to the Cafe des Artistes.
Monsters were afraid of it and when they heard it they would disappear.
Morag actually locked his disruptors to the station this time.
Morag.
Morathial would have saved his life.
Mordan Four to Enterprise.
Mordan has had peace for five years.
Mordoc, what are you doing here?
Mordock.
More ambience.
More and more I realise that here, here is where I want to be.
More basic than that.
More cruel.
More delays.
More dimensional shifts, sir.
More dramatic that way, don't you think?
More effective ways too.
More energy, faster adjustments.
More familiarity with our own mythology might help us to relate to theirs.
More freebies, huh?
More fundamental doubts.
More generic.
More human?
More intimate.
More is stronger.
More light please.
More like a late twenty-second century interplanetary journey.
More like clicks.
More like dying, Doctor.
More like falling techniques.
More like sabotage, sir.
More like uncertainty.
More like vicious animal things.
More like, if you want his services, I'm the one you have to negotiate with.
More likely a bad copy of one.
More of an inventor.
More of them.
More of what, sir?
More or less.
More power, we risk losing life support systems.
More properly, your Watson.
More research?
More security, transporter room four.
More shields, more shields.
More so for me.
More so than the others.
More studying.
More tea?
More than an hour has passed since the Captain beamed out, energy only.
More than anything else, it will guide you.
More than enough.
More than interested.
More than once.
More than ready, sir.
More than that, we won't have enough power to get ourselves out of here.
More time.
More to the left, woman.
More vibrant.
More ways than I can count.
Moriarty appears to have programmed the holodeck to accept only his commands.
Moriarty to Commander Riker.
Moriarty, my responsibility is this vessel and its crew.
Moriarty, this vessel's computer has a vast memory capacity.
Moriarty, you were conjured up to attempt to defeat Holmes here.
Morning, darling.
Morning?
Moseley and I are on our way back to his lab.
Most Betazoids born like that never lead a normal life.
Most certain, Captain.
Most certainly I deny it.
Most children do.
Most definitely yes.
Most especially to you.
Most everybody just calls me Castillo.
Most grateful.
Most humanoids have the potential to be irrational.
Most intriguing again, sir.
Most intriguing, sir.
Most likely you'll get a fist across the jaw for your trouble.
Most likely, but it's long range.
Most likely.
Most of Mordan's principal city was devastated during the war.
Most of her systems have failed.
Most of it is quite ordinary.
Most of it, yeah.
Most of the conduits were damaged during the explosion.
Most of the crew was from there.
Most of the lifeforms are scattered throughout the ship.
Most of the rest passed on during the years that it took to reach Haven.
Most of the secondary systems were changed at the last overhaul.
Most of the stars are main sequence binaries.
Most of the stuff on that blackboard was way out of my league.
Most of the time I didn't even have a bed.
Most of them are woefully lop-sided.
Most of them don't even have full crews yet.
Most of them had served under Captain Picard for several years.
Most of them were quite happy there.
Most of these are ordinary G-type stars.
Most people are interested in my extraordinary abilities.
Most people become ill at the sight of live taspar.
Most people don't, but think.
Most people find a counsellor intimidating at first.
Most people find it an enjoyable experience.
Most people just have to muddle through and do the best that they can.
Most people think so.
Most people when they come here behave themselves.
Most people will do what he says.
Most serious riders do have their own saddles.
Most shuttlecraft hulls are made of duranium.
Most starship captains have to be content with a human counsellor.
Most unusual ones.
Most unusual.
Mostly electromagnetic, sir.
Mostly inert.
Mostly minor abrasions.
Mother can you hear me?
Mother said enough is enough.
Mother's calling out my name.
Mother's name?
Mother, I told you that I'd be gone for over an hour.
Mother, I'm having some trouble believing in those vows as once I did.
Mother, I'm not going another step like this.
Mother, I'm trying to help the boy learn the value of responsibility.
Mother, Klingon children are often difficult to control.
Mother, are you sure?
Mother, don't even think it.
Mother, don't start.
Mother, go with her.
Mother, how did you know about this place?
Mother, if you're happy, then I'm happy for you.
Mother, it's Commander Riker.
Mother, look.
Mother, not him.
Mother, please, come in.
Mother, please, don't do this to me.
Mother, please.
Mother, stop.
Mother, that is not possible.
Mother, that's enough!
Mother, we can't just leave you here.
Mother, we have to talk.
Mother, we're among non-telepaths.
Mother, we've come for Alexander.
Mother, what are you doing here?
Mother, what did you want?
Mother, where did you, when did you meet this man?
Mother, why does Alexander believe he is remaining?
Mother, will you kindly stay out of this?
Mother, you're supposed to be avoiding telepathy.
Mother, you're undermining every effort we're trying to make here.
Moths fly toward a flame.
Motivated self-interest.
Motives?
Mouth, food.
Movar, I want you to return to Romulus immediately.
Move aside, now.
Move away from Chorgan.
Move away, Data.
Move her to the bed.
Move him onto the diagnostic pad.
Move it where?
Move out.
Move over.
Move slowly.
Move to intercept.
Move to it quickly, or allow them time to prepare for it thoroughly?
Move to maximum speed.
Move to within five kilometres.
Move us back out of here.
Move us to within forty thousand kilometres.
Move, counter move, guile and deceit.
Moved through my chest.
Moving in, sir, but where?
Moving in, sir.
Moving to full impulse power.
Moving trilithium resin requires very specific equipment.
Moving well too.
Moving?
Mow he can't get enough of it.
Mrs Troi, I have to ask you to clear the Bridge, please.
Mrs Troi, I must protest your unauthorised presence on the Bridge.
Mrs Troi, you're a wise woman.
Mrs Troi?
Ms.
Much as we plant human colonies on Class-M planets.
Much better than you realise.
Much better, thanks.
Much better.
Much higher than would normally occur.
Much less.
Much like these energy patterns we're seeing here.
Much longer, Commander.
Much more efficient than your primitive vocal communications.
Much more slowly.
Much of his file we could not retrieved.
Much of it is real, sir.
Much of my decision will be based on it.
Much of the Council is still loyal to his family.
Much of their poetry contained such lacunae or empty spaces.
Much of what happened is naturally missing.
Much of what we do is similar.
Much the same has happened in human history too.
Much will be lost.
Much worse.
Much.
Muktok live for hundreds of years.
Multiple hits, sir.
Multiple phaser shots, Ten Forward.
Multiple stab wounds to the chest and abdomen.
Mummy!
Mummy, he's here!
Murder me.
Murder?
Murdered?
Murderers!
Muscle spasms.
Music lessons.
Music speaks its own language.
Music that won't stop.
Music, Professor.
Music.
Musician.
Muskan seed punch.
Muskets are appropriate to the 1790 to 1800 French army uniform, sir.
Must Geordi be assimilated?
Must I ask the question?
Must I stand here and be insulted?
Must be kind of boring, ain't it?
Must be rewarding to you to repay others for all those years of misery.
Must be some kind of construction work.
Must be the astringent.
Must be too far out of range.
Must be two hundred metres.
Must go home to wet sand.
Must have been one hell of an explosion.
Must have been terrible when the colony was fighting for its life.
Must have been.
Must he do that?
Must living beings have a purpose?
Must not do what, my wife?
Must save.
Must stop the power transfer.
Must we destroy them to save ourselves?
Must you always be so ethical?
Must you be so linear, Jean-Luc?
Must you blame all Romulans for that?
Must you to stand so close to me?
Must you?
Must've been because of all the good advice I used to give you.
Mute it, Mister Data.
Mute main viewer.
Mutiny on a Federation starship?
Muzzle it.
My Aunt Adele cured a lot of sleepless nights with this steamed milk.
My Aunt Adele's cure for the common cold.
My Chief Engineer has developed a system that should nullify that advantage.
My Chief Medical Officer has explored all other probable causes.
My Chorus is so attuned, they can hear my thoughts and translate to you.
My First Officer hasn't been the same since we stopped off at Earth.
My First Officer, Commander William Riker.
My God, I bet I had a Promellian battle cruiser too.
My God, Picard, the place is a bloody death trap!
My God, Will.
My God, it's an invasion.
My God, twice in as many days.
My God, what's happened?
My God, you've been shot!
My K threes?
My Klingon side can be terrifying, even to me.
My Starfleet training tells me one thing, but everything I am tells me another.
My Watson?
My actual name is unpronounceable by humans.
My aides, Glinn Daro, Glinn Telle.
My analysis indicates that it was an Antares class freighter.
My ankle is broken.
My answer is still no.
My apologies for saying that you babbled.
My apologies if I interrupted a waltz.
My apologies, Captain.
My apologies, Mister Worf.
My apologies.
My appreciation, madam.
My arm hit the computer panel.
My arm.
My away team is unable to leave the surface because of the storms.
My battle is never over.
My beard is not an affectation.
My best may not be good enough.
My big brothers and I would wrangle it around, from one side and the other.
My blood is as yours.
My boy.
My brain feels like it's wrapped up in a blanket.
My brainpower, perhaps.
My broken arm.
My brother and I serve a much higher purpose.
My brother has made that possible.
My brother introduced them.
My brother is a seer.
My brother on Earth produces fruit known as grapes, which he turns into wine.
My brother suggested that I try to develop my sense of humour.
My brother!
My brother's positronic brain has a type L phase discriminating amplifier.
My brother, I toast our discovery of each other.
My brother, it is you who does not see.
My brother.
My brothers and sisters of the Continuum have taken me back.
My business with you takes precedence.
My cadre has never recovered a hostage alive from the Alliance.
My calculations indicate the probe was launched in the Xendi Kabu system.
My capillaries are shrinking!
My cards are getting cold.
My career in Starfleet is finished.
My case involves the victimisation of my daughter, and my honour.
My cat is present, my potted plant, and my paintings.
My cells were altered, my aging slowed, enough to finish my task.
My challenge will proceed.
My chemical nutrients are like your blood.
My child will need a father.
My childhood?
My colleagues, where are they?
My compliments, Admiral Gromek.
My compliments, Picard.
My concern right now is how this decision is going to affect you.
My condition does not alter with the passage of time, Commander.
My condolences to you and your crew.
My condolences.
My construction?
My crew would very much appreciate looking around.
My crew.
My culture is based on freedom and self determination.
My dad's an oceanographer.
My darling, would you care for something to drink?
My daughter tells me that we're picking up someone interesting here.
My daughter, I, all eight of us.
My daughter.
My dear Captain, you are a criminal.
My dear Captain.
My dear Mister Clemens, I do think we've heard enough.
My dear Mister Clemens, please do.
My dear Mister Clemens, why do I think you're not one of them?
My dear android.
My dear, you are as brilliant as you are beautiful.
My dear, your compatibility profile didn't do you justice.
My debt to you, Picard, is paid.
My decision ended my military career.
My decision is made.
My decision will be announced at high sun tomorrow.
My delivery wasn't scheduled for another three months.
My dishonour among Klingons may offend Ambassador K'Ehleyr.
My duties have been completed.
My duties in that regard are finished.
My duty is to Salia.
My duty is to the Captain, but first to the ship and its crew.
My duty requires me to intercede.
My duty, Lutan.
My ears are better than the average dog's, you know.
My ego isn't at stake here.
My elbow.
My emotions are involved.
My empathic powers can only sense a man of deep passion, and conviction.
My enemies saw my weakness and moved against me.
My engineers have examined it, but are completely baffled by its technology.
My entire psychological makeup tells me that I was born to lead.
My entity's artificial substructure may be useful.
My equipment doesn't register his kind of life signs.
My experience suggests that they would ignore him.
My experiment from the Enterprise.
My face is wet.
My family and I are living on Earth now.
My family lived in the same house for five generations.
My family.
My fate is in your hands, as perhaps it always was.
My father and I both witnessed these beings.
My father and I never chose to meld.
My father came here to escape the wars.
My father did have an unusual way of looking at things.
My father died on Khitomer.
My father died twenty five years ago at Khitomer.
My father finds it amusing to demean me in public.
My father has never been one to admit that he's wrong.
My father is a good man.
My father is already helping me, sir.
My father is wrong.
My father never said another word.
My father offered her life.
My father played the klavion.
My father taught me to avoid partnerships.
My father taught me to cherish The Resolution.
My father took me to the zoo on Brentalia.
My father took the rod away.
My father used to make the strongest hasperat you've ever tasted.
My father wants to see me.
My father was Klingon.
My father was a Starfleet officer.
My father was a great man.
My father was accused of collaborating with the Romulans at Khitomer.
My father was an exozoologist, my mother a Command officer.
My father was captured in battle by Romulans and not allowed to die.
My father was human and my mother is a Betazoid.
My father was killed defending Khitomer.
My father was quite wealthy, actually.
My father wouldn't let us take anything, but I had to have my transmitter.
My father's were the same way.
My father.
My fault?
My favourite part of dinner.
My feelings are real.
My feelings toward Vash are irrelevant.
My feelings toward him aren't romantic exactly.
My feelings, my dreams.
My fiance just has to see how I look in this.
My first appointment isn't for a few minutes.
My first duty is to the Empire.
My first duty is to the ship.
My first friend was a tricorder.
My first indications of trouble was when my proximity alarm went off.
My first officer is missing, attacked by this entity known as Armus.
My first officer will be joining us shortly.
My first step to where?
My flight control computer's fried.
My focus is on the twenty second through the twenty fourth centuries.
My foot's stuck.
My friend Data.
My friend tells me you know about the man we're looking for.
My friend tells me you might know about the man we're looking for.
My friends and I will join you.
My friends here on the Enterprise.
My friends, my people, they're trying to kill us!
My friends, we have returned.
My friendship with Marta is not something I regret.
My friendship with you is too important to me.
My function, my reason for being?
My future.
My girl.
My given name is Esoqq.
My glass, it just slipped.
My god.
My good Captain.
My good fortune is your good fortune.
My good friend, Ral, is the best hired gun in the business.
My goodness, Campio.
My goodness.
My grandfather is buried on that mountain.
My grandfather rarely spoke.
My grandfather was Canadian, you know.
My grandfather was from Canada.
My guess is forty five minutes to an hour.
My guess is that Will finds you pretty fascinating.
My guess is you've been working too hard.
My guess would be a lone survey ship.
My guest is departing.
My gut tells me we ought to be listening to what this guy's trying to tell us.
My hair does not require trimming, you lunkhead.
My hair.
My hand was not strong enough.
My hand.
My hands.
My hatred exploded, and in an instant of grief I destroyed the Husnock.
My head hurts.
My head's beginning to clear-
My head's still spinning.
My head.
My heart is of that world.
My heart is of this world.
My heart was injured and a replacement was necessary.
My heart, is it?
My help?
My hero.
My home village.
My home, my family.
My human physical response must be blocking them out.
My human physical response must have been blocking my Betazoid senses.
My husband and I have every confidence in you, Captain.
My husband died a number of years ago.
My husband has taken an interest in your career.
My husband is responsible for your crew assaulting one another?
My husband, my stepdaughter.
My husband.
My immediate concern is with Tam Elbrun.
My impression is that there were thousands, of all ages and walks of life.
My improved reflexes have allowed me to kill eighty four times.
My incompetence?
My initial assumption was correct.
My insides are still shaking, but I'm all right.
My instructions were clear.
My instruments are haywire.
My intent was only to observe, not to cause this.
My interest is personal.
My internal chronometer and the ship's computer are both perfectly synchronised.
My internal chronometer was supposed to wake me thirty five minutes ago.
My internal diagnostic also finds nothing wrong.
My interpretation of the Prime Directive.
My intravascular pressure, it's going right through the roof.
My job was to give Orta an incentive.
My judgement, my experiences, my mental capacities are all intact.
My knowledge of the future is similar.
My language studies are better than they've ever been.
My lecture will have to stand on its own.
My leg hurts.
My leg's still asleep.
My leg.
My legs are crushed.
My life as a Klingon is over.
My life as a human being has been a dismal failure.
My life ended on Khitomer.
My life for how many hostages, Picard?
My life has been full.
My life has not been the same since I met her.
My life is very much as it was.
My life was on the main Bridge.
My life.
My lifetime of experiences.
My lips are sealed.
My little warrior, come here.
My little warrior.
My local informant does not have that information.
My love is a fever, longing still for that which longer nurseth the disease.
My love.
My luck is always lousy unless I start on the dealer's right.
My magnetic implant will set off the defence alarms.
My medals.
My medical team suggests there may be alternative treatment.
My memory core and neural nets are self-contained.
My men are prepared to die.
My mind is barely working.
My mind is floating between two places.
My mind must have wandered.
My mind to your mind.
My mind's turned to clay.
My mission is to prepare this colony for evacuation.
My mission was to study human intimacy, specifically the concept you call love.
My mistake.
My mistress would that he be gone.
My mom has one.
My most recent self-diagnostic revealed no malfunctions.
My mother abandoned me when I was a little boy.
My mother always said that Klingons had a lot of dumb ideas about honour.
My mother and the cat reacted badly to one another.
My mother bought our freedom, Captain.
My mother brought me here so our enemies would never find me.
My mother calls me Richard.
My mother died when I was a baby.
My mother is a formidable woman, too.
My mother is a little eccentric.
My mother is beginning a physiological phase.
My mother is never on time.
My mother is on board.
My mother lives, My father was killed in battle at Tranome Sar.
My mother made sure that we were all tough enough to make it.
My mother misled you.
My mother never even heard me play.
My mother never mentioned her.
My mother never told me who my father was.
My mother sent me a box that belonged to one of my father's ancestors.
My mother tells me I remind her of him, and I probably do.
My mother was one half, I am one quarter.
My mother will be relieved.
My mother wouldn't send me away.
My mother's always trying to find me a wife.
My mother's brother.
My mother's kept a journal since before she was married.
My mother's so diligent about her journal.
My mother, Doctor Beverly Crusher.
My mother, my friends, you.
My mother?
My motives were personal, not political.
My name is Ambassador Voval.
My name is Barash.
My name is Connaught Rossa.
My name is Crosis.
My name is Cyrus Redblock.
My name is DaiMon Goss.
My name is Deanna.
My name is Garvin.
My name is Garvin?
My name is Guinan.
My name is Gul Ocett.
My name is Jean-Luc Picard.
My name is Jono.
My name is Joval.
My name is Kamin?
My name is Korris, Captain of the Klingon Defence Force.
My name is Kyril Finn.
My name is Minuet and I love all jazz except Dixieland.
My name is Mot.
My name is Ro Laren.
My name is Wesley, Commander Riker.
My name is Will.
My name is William.
My name is Worf.
My name is actually T'Paal, and I am a member of the V'Shar.
My name isn't Mot.
My name.
My neural nets are still fully operational.
My nightmare.
My nurse will start them.
My oath is between Captain Kargan and myself.
My office is gone.
My only concern is for your happiness.
My only concern is to get your mother back.
My only living relative, no longer living.
My only question for you is, can you carry out your orders?
My only regret is that your reunion marks Will's farewell.
My only wish has been to find a way to revive our sun before I die.
My opponents look back as I look forward.
My options are narrowing and my patience is all but gone.
My order was a routine safety precaution.
My orders are to escort you to the Observation Lounge.
My orders are to find that assassin and stop him.
My orders are to maintain radio silence until we've completed the mission.
My orders were to search for abnormal patterns in Starfleet's directives.
My own counterpart.
My own dear brother.
My own father and I were estranged.
My pa ain't going to like if I come home all bruised.
My pa.
My parents died when I was a baby too.
My parents taught me about the dangers of Starfleet missions.
My parents wanted me to.
My parents were pilots.
My parents work came first.
My parents, my human parents, will meet us at Starbase seventy three.
My parents?
My past is nothing but a fiction.
My paternal grandfather was Vulcan.
My path is all too clear.
My patrol route takes me near the station every six days.
My people are different somehow.
My people are not aggressive.
My people are not ready to accept what you represent.
My people are partially telepathic.
My people can do the work.
My people eat only for nourishment.
My people encountered them a century ago.
My people have made enquiries but they've not been able to locate him.
My people killed.
My people must be made to understand that.
My people need peace.
My people resisted when the Borg came to assimilate us.
My people used to call them borhyas.
My people will agree, I'm certain of it.
My people won't stop looking for me, Tomalak.
My people?
My personal code of conduct prohibits sharing.
My personal physician is much more familiar with these genetic irregularities.
My pet.
My place is here.
My planet is suffering.
My pleasure, sir.
My point exactly.
My point is that until now there have never been any survivors.
My poor Beverly.
My poor lamb.
My poor, plodding, little Deanna, with her questions, questions, questions.
My positronic brain is a technology unknown to the Paxans.
My positronic brain is not capable of generating those conditions.
My precious one.
My predicament is what to do with you.
My presence will be disruptive.
My programme can be altered.
My programming is distinctly different from Lore's.
My programming may be inadequate to the task.
My purpose is not your concern.
My purpose is to join you.
My quarters are full of things that I suppose belong to both of us.
My quest to become human was misguided.
My race has no enemies.
My reading is intensifying, sir.
My readings aren't complete.
My readings indicate that it will fail in approximately twenty two minutes.
My readings suggest that the deformations themselves are in motion.
My record is exemplary.
My relationship with Soren is not trivial.
My rendition will be less enjoyable.
My report to Starfleet will be most favourable.
My responsibility to the ship includes protecting Salia.
My rights.
My second in command, Commander William Riker.
My sense is that he's a very independent young man.
My sensors read nothing solid but considerable energy in changing patterns.
My service experience does not yet warrant such a position.
My shield was not at fault.
My ship is in danger.
My ship is safely in my possession.
My ship was watching under cloak when Professor Galen's shuttle was attacked.
My ship's company and I are certain of your gentle wisdom in that.
My ship.
My shipmates and I have all taken wives.
My shoes are getting full of sand.
My silence is not by choice, sir.
My sincere regrets, Bok, but that vessel refused to identify itself.
My sister and I do not wish to impede your rescue process.
My sister didn't know a thing about animals and she was able to train her cat.
My sister hated the cadres.
My skin, it's tingling.
My skull is composed of cortenide and duranium.
My son Benzan and I.
My son died on Omicron Theta.
My son had no warning that his act was criminal.
My son is a liar?
My son is right.
My son is to return to quarters.
My son treated you like a brother.
My son you created it all.
My son's name is Tommy.
My son, surrounded by those horrible lepers!
My staff and I are fully capable of giving you the replacement.
My staff is quite capable.
My staff will give you their full cooperation.
My station is on the Bridge.
My status board indicates that the shuttle is back in bay two.
My status.
My stock in this company must have split at least a dozen times by now.
My strength is many times that of a human.
My superintendent was a Betazoid, a full telepath.
My superiors have decided to punish me.
My survival is vital.
My synapses must be turning to jelly.
My team's in there.
My technicians have examined all of the ship's transporters, sir.
My tempo was way off.
My terms were clearly stated.
My thoughts are not for Tasha, but for myself.
My thoughts created this universe.
My thoughts exactly.
My time shifting.
My timing is digital.
My training has prepared me for starship command duties.
My trauma teams are being run ragged trying to respond.
My travelling companion is travelling.
My tricorder!
My turbo-sensors say he went to deck four.
My turn?
My understanding is that such devices were impractical.
My uniform has changed.
My upper spinal support is a polyalloy designed to withstand extreme stress.
My valet is waiting.
My valet sleeps elsewhere.
My very first friend was a warp coil.
My vision is blurred.
My visor is picking up crystalline fractures.
My visor must have filtered it out.
My visor's picking up all kinds of electromagnetic fluctuations.
My visor's picking up bio-magnetic energy.
My visor's picking up some torsional stress damage, some micro-fractures.
My visor?
My vocal cords were cut.
My voice will be transmitted on a delay correlated to the phase adjustment.
My watch.
My whole leg just went dead.
My wife and I will beam aboard at fifteen hundred hours, Captain.
My wife and my assistant have transported down to the planet.
My wife died in last year's floods.
My wife died quite some years ago.
My wife is quite a gardener.
My wife's there.
My wife, Anne.
My wife, you will leave me now.
My wings.
My word of honour, no harm will ever come to them.
My word!
My words were dust upon the ground.
My words, they were confused.
My work, the work will continue.
My world was invaded.
My, my, my, my.
My, what a charmer.
My, you are forceful, aren't you?
My, you have great strength in your hands.
My.
Myriap!
Myself, I think I got the worst of each.
Mystery.
N'Vek's efforts, and his sacrifice, were not in vain.
N'Vek, ready attack procedure.
NCC One Seven Oh One.
NCC One seven three.
NCC one seven oh one C.
NCC one seven zero one D USS Enterprise shuttlecraft five.
NCC one seven zero one D USS Enterprise, shuttlecraft five.
NCC one three zero five dash E.
NO.
NaDev ghoS!
NaDev ghoS.
Nagilum.
Nagilum?
Nah, I'm here to kill you!
Nah, that's too corny.
Nah, there's something I need to do down in Engineering.
Nah, this is nothing.
Nakamura out.
Name and rank.
Name and rank?
Name it!
Name it.
Name them.
Name your fee.
Name's Alva.
Name, Data.
Name.
Name?
Nana always kept it lit.
Nana never mentioned you.
Nana was a hundred years old.
Nana's dead.
Nanites.
Nanites?
Nara.
Narik, set course one eight zero, mark two one five.
Narrow focus, level four intensity.
Nasty habit.
Natasha Yar, I challenge you.
Natural causes?
Naturally I've heard of your case.
Naturally occurring tricyanate does not respond this quickly.
Naturally occurring?
Naturally we look alike.
Naturally, the Rekags retaliated.
Naturally, we'll establish a force field containment.
Naturally.
Navigation is coming back online.
Navigation is possible.
Navigation's not responding either, sir.
Navigation, propulsion offline.
Navigational deflector, redundant graviton polarity source generators.
Navigational inputs are not registering.
Navigational sensor array inoperative.
Navigational systems are still offline.
Navigational, life-support, propulsion normal.
Nayrok out.
Near the Neutral Zone.
Near the auxiliary turbolift to the battle bridge.
Nearly eighty three percent of their records have been lost.
Nearly fifteen hundred now, sir.
Nearly got it.
Nearly half a light year past the Neutral Zone?
Nearly impossible, sir.
Neat as pins, ultra-lawful, and make love at the drop of a hat.
Necessary?
Ned, the weather systems control is malfunctioning.
Ned, you're welcome to stay at the house after I've gone.
Ned?
Need assistance.
Needless to say, I've not succeeded.
Negative carbon.
Negative known life components.
Negative on damage to Farpoint, sir.
Negative response!
Negative, Data.
Negative, Enterprise.
Negative, Number One.
Negative, but scanning is limited.
Neglected to mention I began some new therapy before I left.
Negligible power readings.
Negotiate to what purpose?
Negotiations which we have pursued in good faith.
Negotiations?
Neil, get over here.
Neil, what's going on?
Neither alternative is acceptable.
Neither am I an Aldebaran serpent, Captain, but you accepted me as such.
Neither are exocomps.
Neither dead nor alive.
Neither did we.
Neither do I, Counsellor.
Neither do I, but I'm definitely a surprise of some sort to him.
Neither do I, but I've got six hundred logs to go through.
Neither do I.
Neither important nor necessary.
Neither is asking us useless questions, Picard.
Neither is in just now.
Neither is yours, dear.
Neither of us knows what happened after we left.
Neither of you should be reacting in this way.
Neither seem like very promising Federation candidates, sir.
Neither side got everything they wanted, but every side got something.
Neither side intended Orelious Nine to be the decisive conflict.
Neither transporters nor forcefields will contain them, sir.
Neither was I.
Neither works properly.
Neither you nor the Ferengi suffered any casualties, Commander.
Neither, sir.
Neither.
Nell, please escort the Ambassador to his quarters.
Nella Daren.
Nella.
Nelson toured the HMS Victory before Trafalgar.
Nelson, I need your help with the computer.
Nelvana Three is just the first step.
Nelvana Three on screen.
Nelvana Three, Admiral.
Nenebek to Enterprise, emergency.
Neural callipers.
Neural connections appear stable.
Neural connections complete.
Neural stimulator locked in.
Neural stimulator.
Neuro-electrical activity in the cerebral cortex.
Neurons are beginning to depolarise.
Neurotransmitter levels are down to three hundred and ten percent.
Neurotransmitter levels are down to two hundred and thirty percent.
Neutral.
Never again to be united with those who left you here.
Never approach your prey from upwind.
Never cared for it.
Never did I know anyone less interested in grapes than you, Jean-Luc.
Never doubt that.
Never felt better in my life.
Never felt better.
Never forget I died doing exactly what I chose to do.
Never gave up on anything.
Never get drunk unless you're willing to pay for it the next day.
Never got as far as Sickbay, Wes.
Never had the time.
Never have.
Never listened.
Never mind the dates.
Never mind the details.
Never once.
Never really feeling anything.
Never seen a cane like this before.
Never sought?
Never the right thing, though.
Never to die.
Never!
Never?
Neverthe less, this is an option we cannot neglect.
Nevertheless, I should check it out.
Nevertheless, I want you to know I seriously considered you first officer.
Nevertheless, a brave act, Captain.
Nevertheless, sir, I'm not prepared to leave until your affairs are completed.
Nevertheless, that is what our tests indicate.
Nevertheless, this investigation began with your death.
Nevertheless, this is who I am, Captain.
Nevertheless, we will all be serving together.
Nevertheless, you are here.
New Orleans.
New Seattle's reporting a cloud depth of twelve kilometres.
New Vertiform City.
New cases?
New course laid in at ninety degrees to starboard.
New course set for heading three four one mark two two one.
New course.
New frequency, low band, audio only.
New friends, Captain?
New heading two nine nine mark one eight.
New heading.
New information.
New orders from Starfleet.
New parameters.
New phaser frequencies had no impact.
New philosophies, new economics, new technologies.
News travels fast.
Next I plan to explore bioconditioning devices.
Next logical step.
Next man.
Next shooter.
Next thing you know, bam!
Next time I'll choose the programme.
Next time we'll be ready for you.
Next time, don't give up so easily.
Next time, maybe I should break the good news.
Next time, see me before you see Sigmund.
Next time, you try bring up the rear.
Next week we won't even know it existed.
Ni'lot Kahless!
Nice catch.
Nice company you're keeping, Dix.
Nice day for a little trip.
Nice house.
Nice indeed.
Nice job, Geordi.
Nice job.
Nice of you to join us.
Nice planet.
Nice round figure.
Nice shooting.
Nice spot for a picnic, sir.
Nice suit.
Nice talking to you, Counsellor.
Nice to meet you Acting Ensign Wesley Wesley Crusher.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to see you again.
Nice to see you, Wesley.
Nice try, Often Wrong.
Nice work, Geordi.
Nice, ripe targets for a Klingon warship.
Nick and I have some things we need to talk about.
Nick is what makes that team special.
Nick!
Nickel-iron core, nitrogen-oxygen atmosphere.
Nicknames generally denote fondness, a diminutive shared between friends.
Nien, nien, nien.
Night Bird!
Night Bird.
Nightmares are part of dreaming, Data.
Nikolai has a mind of his own.
Nikolai is older than I.
Nikolai, don't.
Nikolai, there is nothing we can do for these people.
Nikolai, what have you done?
Nine days ago, the Hera left here on a routine courier mission.
Nine for the dealer.
Nine hours.
Nine metres and closing.
Nine minutes, forty seconds, sir.
Nine point four, nine point six.
Nine point six.
Nine, eight.
Nineteen hours, twenty eight minutes.
Nineteen hundred hours?
Nineteenth century Earth.
Ninety eight percent probability of match.
Ninety eight?
Ninety four point one percent efficiency.
Ninety over forty.
Ninety percent.
Ninety seconds remaining.
Ninety seven minutes, sir.
Ninety three.
Ninety two minutes, seventeen seconds have passed since you left the room.
Ninety.
Nitrogen oxide.
Nitrogen, methane, liquid neon.
No Ambassador.
No Borg leaves the Collective.
No Bularian canapes this time, Captain?
No Captain, it's no problem.
No Earth ship of that time could have travelled out this far.
No Guinan, nothing out of the ordinary.
No I decided to walk.
No ID, no answer to our signals.
No abnormal surges indicated.
No acknowledgement, sir.
No active subspace fields.
No activity in the isocortex.
No additional Borg attacks have been reported in the past two days.
No ambassadors.
No amount of CO2 will help us then.
No and no.
No anomalies during replication, no initial rejection.
No anomalous readings were reported.
No apologies are necessary.
No apology necessary.
No argument?
No audio anomalies present.
No audio, and slow to fifty percent.
No automation.
No base, no weapons, no sign of any life at all.
No battle damage.
No being is so important that he can usurp the rights of another.
No bet here.
No bloody A, B, C, or D.
No body gets hurt.
No bother, Doctor Bernard.
No cadet would have knowledge of that incident.
No carbon.
No cards?
No casualties or damage.
No casualties.
No cause for concern?
No chance to have a family.
No change in position.
No change in the fragment's course.
No change in the neutrino beacon signal, sir.
No change in the sensor readings.
No changes, Commander.
No charge.
No clue who they were?
No collision.
No comment, huh?
No commonalities noted.
No computer.
No control malfunction has been recorded.
No controls or read-outs.
No coordinates laid in, Number One?
No correlation.
No cover, no minimum, just Comic, continue?
No cracks in the armour.
No crew at all.
No critical systems.
No damage in Engineering.
No damage to the Borg ship.
No damage, no casualties.
No damage, sir.
No demands, no political statements, no theft.
No discernable armament.
No discrepancies noted.
No disrespect, sir, but we cannot afford the time.
No doubt a descendant of Captain Walter Granger.
No doubt about it.
No doubt at all.
No doubt because I am only half Klingon.
No doubt one of many lifeforms that do.
No doubt that had he lived, one day he would ascended to head the Council.
No doubt you will wish to question me further.
No doubt you're right, Mister Data.
No doubt, but they will pass.
No effect.
No emotion at all?
No emotions?
No equipment.
No escort was scheduled.
No evidence they're dead, either.
No exits?
No explanation given.
No explanation is warranted, Captain.
No explosion.
No extraterrestrial source ever used this code?
No eyes or ears are noticeable.
No fatalities or injuries among the children.
No fatalities.
No feelings, no emotions, no pain.
No female, human or Ferengi, can order Mordoc around!
No fix on Data, but I am picking up a single life form on the surface, sir.
No fluctuations in frequency.
No footprints, no vehicle tracks.
No forks.
No further entries conforming to search parameters.
No game of Strategema has ever gone this high.
No game, no fun.
No glorious new era for our people.
No go.
No goodbyes.
No government, no leader, has ever done what I have done here.
No group has three seats on the council.
No harm in checking, I guess.
No harm in that.
No harm.
No he's not.
No headaches, palpitations, sluggishness, indigestion?
No help from their communications log.
No help, Worf.
No help.
No higher.
No human would be able to control them.
No idea of what it represents?
No idea what this is like.
No identity record, no instructions?
No impulse engines.
No indication of a base at all?
No indication of a concussion or a blow to the head.
No indication of any space-time distortion whatsoever.
No initial signs of rejection.
No injuries.
No insects, not even soil bacteria.
No insult intended, Mister Klingon.
No insult was intended.
No interface, period.
No interferometric patterns present.
No internal organs.
No intruder noted by the sensors, sir.
No it's not.
No lengthy farewells.
No less so for me.
No less so than your legendary modesty, Captain.
No life form anything like us.
No life form reading, sir.
No life forms present.
No life forms that might be dangerous.
No life forms, no power sources, no weapons systems.
No life readings in here either, sir.
No life signs, Captain.
No life signs, Commander.
No life!
No life-form readings, sir.
No life.
No lifesign readings other than our own.
No longer, I promise.
No longer?
No luck.
No luck?
No males, no females.
No malfunctioning equipment on either side, sir.
No man has ever been kinder to me.
No man has ever been such a mystery to me.
No man should know where his dreams come from.
No match for the Enterprise, Captain.
No matter how I might feel about you, you don't deserve to die.
No matter how difficult Q makes it for you?
No matter how tempted?
No matter what I do, no one can reach REM sleep.
No matter what happens.
No matter what is waiting there.
No matter what.
No matter you can say will the fact that I'm innocent!
No matter, he is highly adept in the acts of sign language.
No matter.
No medical objections.
No more bulky warp engines or nacelles.
No more chaos!
No more fantasies.
No more games.
No more holodeck, Mother.
No more killing.
No more me.
No more questions!
No more than I would sit with her.
No more than a hundred.
No more than fifteen seconds.
No more than it was wrong to save the rest of you from those soldier things.
No more than the barrel is your property.
No more than we value the relations with our Federation neighbours.
No more, Commander.
No more, please!
No muffins or oatmeal, or corned beef and eggs?
No names, no reason.
No need to apologise, Ensign.
No need to be shy.
No need to beam me up, sir.
No need to keep you here.
No need to report.
No need, Commander.
No need, Number One.
No need.
No objection, sir.
No objection.
No objections to that, but but I'm puzzled over you bringing a Betazoid to this.
No objective viewpoint could see it any other way.
No of course not.
No offence, Commander, but that's not you.
No offence, sir.
No offence.
No offense taken.
No offense, but I don't want you touching me in any way.
No one breaks any laws?
No one but our Mediators know what place or for how long.
No one came down because they thought there was no one to come down for.
No one can deny the significance of your transformation.
No one can dream, except for you.
No one can ever take that away from me.
No one can get in or out.
No one can relieve me from that obligation.
No one can say anything, no one can do anything that will help.
No one can see me either.
No one can stop me.
No one can.
No one conducts an interrogation on this ship without my permission.
No one could have asked for a better team, or better friends.
No one could.
No one does anything uncomfortable to them.
No one else has reported so complete a sensory experience.
No one else remembers them.
No one had ever come here and no one had ever left, until today.
No one has been hurt.
No one has believed that for countless generations.
No one has denied there is potential in the idea.
No one has ever asked me if my hair will grow, or noticed that I can breathe.
No one has ever given me oo-mox like this before.
No one has ever offered to turn me into a god before.
No one has ever performed the Klingon tea ceremony for me.
No one here is going to die.
No one here wants a war, Captain.
No one in their right mind would go that far underground alone.
No one in this society would be blind, for example.
No one is could be more welcome on the Enterprise.
No one is going to blame you for that.
No one is more aware of the danger than I am.
No one is more qualified to write your story than you are.
No one is permitted to remove it from the sacred vault.
No one knows better than I do what Cardassians do to their prisoners.
No one knows this, because I never told anyone.
No one knows where it came from, or why it's here.
No one knows where she's gone.
No one knows where they went from there.
No one knows.
No one laughed.
No one left to help me.
No one must know of this place.
No one on Kaelon Two understands this project as I do.
No one regrets that necessity more than myself.
No one said it was easy.
No one sees you except Data.
No one suggested otherwise, Counsellor.
No one survived Khitomer.
No one told you to do that, Ensign.
No one told you to stop digging, human.
No one was killed, but I have two people in Sickbay with radiation burns.
No one was more surprised than I.
No one was on board.
No one was pleased with the solution, but we had to act for the greater good.
No one will admit anything.
No one will ever know it's there.
No one will hold it against you for having been human.
No one will know.
No one will say that.
No one would know.
No one's filed a flight plan.
No one's going to hurt you.
No one's going to make us leave.
No one's seen him.
No one?
No other Klingons have asked to serve in Starfleet.
No other comment?
No other life signs aboard, sir.
No other logical solutions?
No other ship is indicated.
No other vessel has been out this far.
No other vessels of any kind within two parsecs.
No peeking.
No person ever knows where or when a zone will be.
No phaser hits, no sign of a fight.
No physician named Crusher is on file.
No place, micro-brain?
No possible explanation at all?
No power in the universe can hope to stop the force of evolution.
No practise.
No predictable pattern, no sequence.
No price!
No price?
No problem there.
No problem, Captain, I'll get right on it.
No problem, Data.
No problem, I'll just bypass it.
No problem, Number One.
No problem, Professor.
No problems at all.
No promises, no denials.
No question about it.
No question of it, sir.
No questions, sir.
No quick readouts to get you to the next set of variables.
No reaction from the assimilator.
No readings yet.
No reason to bother now.
No reason you're aware of.
No reason.
No reason?
No redeeming qualities.
No regrets.
No reply, sir.
No rescue plan will work unless we can knock out all three of them.
No response from the Romulan vessel.
No response in the isocortex.
No response so far, but the flares may be interfering with communications.
No response to our enquiries.
No secrets here if we're to be all to be friends.
No ship is scheduled to arrive at this time, sir.
No ship's crew in sight.
No ship's structures exist forward of bulkhead three four two.
No ship, no bulky spacesuit.
No ships will be allowed in or out.
No sign of a temporal distortion?
No sign of a wound.
No sign of any residual energy fluctuation, cascade overload.
No sign of anyone.
No sign of mechanism or circuitry.
No sign of others?
No sign remains of the nine hundred inhabitants.
No signs of an intruder.
No signs of any kind.
No signs of intelligent life forms.
No signs of life, nothing out of the ordinary.
No signs of phaser burns on the hull.
No sir, I'm not.
No sir, but it has assumed a relative position and it is holding course with us.
No structure will be able to withstand them.
No structures in the area.
No subspace projections present.
No surges to any of the transporters indicated.
No surprises.
No survivors.
No temporal anomalies, no particle fluctuations, nothing.
No terrorists.
No test yet, Captain, but very soon.
No thank you.
No thanks to you.
No thanks, I think I've had enough already.
No theories, no half answers.
No they wouldn't.
No threats, no treachery will stop it.
No time for chit chat, sir.
No time for courtesy.
No time to argue.
No time to explain, Number One.
No time to sleep.
No time.
No transponder signal, no subspace marker.
No transporter beam has been active in any of those areas.
No uncloaked ships within sensor range.
No unexplained comas during the time the Ullians were working there.
No unnecessary risks.
No use.
No vital organs pierced, no major arteries.
No vital signs.
No voice interface.
No wait.
No warp drive.
No wars available, eh?
No way of knowing.
No way to beam over any help.
No way to climb down.
No way to know for sure.
No way to stop the overload.
No way, not me.
No way, sir.
No way.
No weapons.
No woman has challenged supercedence for over two hundred years!
No woman's worth dying for.
No wonder it attacked us.
No wonder it took the Professor so long to collect them.
No wonder it used up all its fuel.
No wonder it's so popular.
No wonder the bulkhead shattered.
No wonder they didn't answer our hail for two days.
No wonder they're waiting out there.
No wonder we're coming apart at the seams.
No wonder you can't get through.
No wonder you can't sleep.
No wonder your race is weak.
No word, no message, nothing.
No wreckage was found, so Starfleet officially declared the ship destroyed.
No yelling.
No you can't.
No z-particle emissions present.
No, Alexandra.
No, Ambassador, absolutely not.
No, Ambassador.
No, Canadian, sir.
No, Captain Garrett belongs on that ship.
No, Captain Picard, I expect you won't.
No, Captain wait.
No, Captain, let me talk to it.
No, Chief, you've done enough already.
No, Commander, it is not.
No, Corey, listen to me.
No, Counsellor.
No, Data!
No, Data's right.
No, Data, I haven't had the time.
No, Data, wait a minute.
No, Data, you're right.
No, Doctor, but they do have superior experience.
No, Doctor, he's not.
No, Doctor, this is not ego.
No, Geordi, don't, please.
No, God, no.
No, I already tried that.
No, I am damaged.
No, I am not capable of hatred.
No, I believe the inverse warp field resealed it.
No, I can tell you exactly what happened.
No, I can walk.
No, I can't do that either.
No, I can't.
No, I cannot allow you to suffer my humiliation.
No, I disagree.
No, I do not believe so, but I will explain when I arrive.
No, I do not.
No, I don't think I can.
No, I don't think it is, Data.
No, I feel close to an answer of some kind.
No, I get it all simultaneously.
No, I grew up in Alaska.
No, I guess I can't.
No, I have a buyer.
No, I have a gut feeling he's hiding something.
No, I have no family.
No, I just don't know if it'll do more harm than good.
No, I just enjoy climbing.
No, I just thought I'd come and see how you were doing.
No, I live here now.
No, I mean contractions.
No, I mean it's different than I expected.
No, I mean you've caught me in the act.
No, I mean, why you are here on this ship?
No, I means you both agree to your responsibilities.
No, I meant on your shore leave.
No, I meant something with a gentle Latin beat.
No, I meant the picture.
No, I must stay here.
No, I must, as a matter of fact, be getting back to the Bridge.
No, I never knew the Captain till I came onboard.
No, I prefer a mode of transportation that doesn't have a mind of its own.
No, I prefer the company of equals.
No, I show nothing here, Data.
No, I suppose not.
No, I take that back.
No, I think I'll skip it today.
No, I think maybe I'd like it better if you called me Richard.
No, I want to stay in my quarters.
No, I was alone.
No, I was just looking over some personnel files.
No, I was just thinking about a lot of things.
No, I wasn't prepared at all.
No, I will help.
No, I will not be cheated out of my prize.
No, I will pay you after.
No, I wish it were that simple, but I can't forgive myself so easily.
No, I won't promise.
No, I would not.
No, I would say not.
No, I wouldn't have left you behind if you'd been my biological child.
No, I'd anticipated that.
No, I'd never leave Starfleet.
No, I'd've been terminated as a fertilised cell.
No, I'll be out of time.
No, I'll check them tomorrow.
No, I'll go down there myself.
No, I'll handle this.
No, I'll just watch you and be impressed.
No, I'll take care of that.
No, I'm a little groggy, but I'll be all right.
No, I'm afraid I can't justify the risk to Worf.
No, I'm afraid not.
No, I'm all right.
No, I'm alone.
No, I'm calling off the wedding.
No, I'm delighted to see you.
No, I'm drinking too much coffee.
No, I'm fine, thank you.
No, I'm just catching up on some work, you know?
No, I'm just gathering my notes.
No, I'm just not sure she wants to escape.
No, I'm looking forward to proving my innocence.
No, I'm moving too fast for me.
No, I'm not an alien.
No, I'm not much of a story teller.
No, I'm not surprised.
No, I'm quite serious.
No, I'm sorry, this was all we found.
No, I'm telling you.
No, I'm the first person you've seen in seven years.
No, I'm the one who's sorry.
No, I've had enough fun for today.
No, I, the transporter sensors may not be sensitive enough.
No, Ian, I don't think I've played with puppies.
No, Ian, but thank you for the invitation.
No, Jared.
No, Kamala.
No, Kestra, stay here with us.
No, Kestra.
No, Lal.
No, Lieutenant Worf.
No, Lieutenant, I cannot.
No, Minister.
No, Mister Data.
No, Mister Remmick.
No, Ned, it's okay.
No, No, sir.
No, Q, you did not.
No, Radue.
No, Suddenly I seem to be burning up inside.
No, Tam, I don't believe that I do.
No, Tog!
No, Tog.
No, Vorin.
No, Watson.
No, Wes!
No, Will, we can't!
No, Will.
No, Worf!
No, a Counsellor has to maintain a discreet distance.
No, absolutely not.
No, actually it's an urgent one.
No, actually, I, er.
No, after last night, I know he will.
No, after you.
No, and for your own good you'd better quit thinking about Rita.
No, bet it all.
No, but I brought Alexander with me.
No, but I can scramble the input so that nobody else can.
No, but I do have an appointment with him in less than half an hour.
No, but I do not wish to create ill will, Captain.
No, but I do not wish.
No, but I don't enjoy seeing my wife frightened.
No, but I had to be sure you hadn't been co-opted.
No, but I like working with the wood.
No, but I think that you will.
No, but I want to know why you threatened Doctor Reyga.
No, but I'm sure Mister Data knows what he's doing.
No, but he knew exactly how it happened.
No, but he was very sensitive to other people's moods.
No, but her inertia will carry the Stargazer along with us.
No, but if Troi was right, we were very close to it.
No, but it doesn't tend to be a topic of casual conversation.
No, but it would give us access to the propulsion systems.
No, but it's a good one.
No, but it's certainly unusual behaviour for Barclay.
No, but that's what you things do, isn't it?
No, but the battle was won.
No, but the combination wasn't possible out there.
No, but the computer can replicate such an instrument.
No, but the firing programme was dynamic.
No, but there is nothing more uniquely human.
No, but they knew who their enemy was better than we do.
No, but they will follow Tallera and so will I.
No, but we have to find him.
No, by accepting you back as free men.
No, certainly not.
No, continue the programme.
No, deny them this shipment.
No, do you?
No, don't deny it.
No, don't do it.
No, don't go.
No, don't tell me.
No, don't you dare be sorry.
No, everything's fine.
No, forget about that.
No, go right ahead.
No, he admits his mistake in falsifying his application.
No, he always looks like that.
No, he could do it.
No, he died of a heart attack, all right, but I can't find the cause.
No, he has to get past brave.
No, he hated it.
No, he's certainly not what I would expect.
No, he's coming with me.
No, he's here.
No, he's misunderstood me.
No, he's not biting.
No, he's not, sir.
No, his head.
No, historical records indicate a council was convened to assess our options.
No, if I could just do one more thing.
No, if you want to believe we're not getting along, that's all right with me.
No, if you wish, it can be real alcohol.
No, it actually makes sense to me.
No, it does not.
No, it has a micro explosive inside that detonates on contact with air.
No, it is God who will punish you.
No, it is a personal project.
No, it is back to starboard.
No, it is her reality.
No, it is more curiosity, sir.
No, it is too late for that.
No, it should not have been that way.
No, it takes several seconds to materialise.
No, it was another fellow.
No, it was dark.
No, it was my fault.
No, it was my request.
No, it wasn't made of wood.
No, it wouldn't help.
No, it's a vessel of the United Federation of Planets, and Earth is a member.
No, it's all right, Lieutenant.
No, it's been a lovely programme.
No, it's deeper than that.
No, it's for my own good.
No, it's going too fast.
No, it's just that Commander Riker's emotions are rather passionate.
No, it's just that for a moment you sounded more like Will Riker.
No, it's just the opposite of ego.
No, it's more delicate than that.
No, it's not important.
No, it's not okay.
No, it's not possible.
No, it's not that you didn't succeed.
No, it's not that.
No, it's not working.
No, it's nothing, nothing.
No, it's on account of Jimmy Cuzzo.
No, it's one programme among thousands.
No, it's still not possible.
No, it's too far!
No, it's too late for that now.
No, it's true.
No, just some strange sensations.
No, just tell me.
No, just unexpected.
No, kill the woman.
No, let's begin this with a show of good faith.
No, let's help all of us.
No, listen.
No, ma'am.
No, make that seventy seconds.
No, more a curiosity.
No, my dear Louis, two men.
No, my decision will only lead to more distrust of other worlds.
No, my revenge will be in seeing you live like this.
No, neither am I.
No, neither can I.
No, neither.
No, no modulation.
No, no more.
No, no stop.
No, no, Data, I simply mean that I can't give you any advice here.
No, no, Guinan, see, you've got it all wrong.
No, no, I don't mean curious like that.
No, no, I haven't.
No, no, I was merely.
No, no, I'm a hateful woman.
No, no, I'm sorry, Geordi.
No, no, Lieutenant, the advantage was yours.
No, no, back.
No, no, blackjack.
No, no, but I was going to.
No, no, certainly not.
No, no, don't be sorry.
No, no, it was across my chest, right here.
No, no, it was much more than a dream.
No, no, it's all right.
No, no, just be there.
No, no, let go!
No, no, neither have I.
No, no, never!
No, no, no you're not.
No, no, no, I'm just an amateur.
No, no, no, don't!
No, no, no, it's all right.
No, no, no, it's too late for that.
No, no, no, no no.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, that's not what I mean.
No, no, no, the threat is from Ardra.
No, no, no, we're losing vertical alignment.
No, no, no, we're way ahead of schedule here.
No, no, not at all.
No, no, that would be fine.
No, no, that's good for a first try.
No, no, that's quite all right.
No, no, that's too close.
No, no, that's too much.
No, no, wait a minute.
No, no, wait.
No, no, we don't have time for that.
No, no, we're not gods.
No, no, you're just.
No, no, you're not cruel to them.
No, nobody.
No, none at all.
No, nor it is not meet he should.
No, not a chance.
No, not adrift.
No, not all of it!
No, not any longer.
No, not as often as I'd like.
No, not corrosion.
No, not for her.
No, not for the souffle.
No, not just for him.
No, not such a wonderful husband.
No, not today.
No, not true.
No, not under these circumstances.
No, not until we reach the Pacifica conference, three days from now.
No, not with your help.
No, not yet, but power distribution patterns are already off by five percent.
No, not you.
No, nothing that fancy.
No, nothing unusual.
No, of course I won't.
No, of course not, Number One.
No, of course you don't.
No, of course you're right.
No, okay's not good enough.
No, on the contrary, I found your approach intriguing.
No, other than a question about the Ares's First Officer.
No, our leaders did that.
No, please don't look on it like that.
No, please!
No, please, Counsellor, I would very much like to hear your thoughts.
No, please, Counsellor.
No, please, I'm sure it will all come back to me.
No, please, Mister Worf, come in.
No, please, come in.
No, please, no more.
No, positronic.
No, really, I'm all right.
No, really, I'm quite all right.
No, really, I'm serious.
No, really, sir I'm fine.
No, really.
No, relax.
No, she survived.
No, she wasn't my mother.
No, she's her father's daughter.
No, sir, Commander, sir.
No, sir, I am not under your nor anyone else's command.
No, sir, I cannot.
No, sir, I didn't.
No, sir, I sure didn't.
No, sir, I'm not.
No, sir, I'm sure they all died with honour.
No, sir, but I will take your word for it.
No, sir, but they are still moving toward the shuttle.
No, sir, but triolic activity is increasing.
No, sir, it does not.
No, sir, it was not.
No, sir, not from our present orbit.
No, sir, not that we can tell.
No, sir, not yet.
No, sir, please don't touch that.
No, sir, they are not!
No, sir, wait!
No, sir, we are out of range.
No, sir, you did not.
No, sit down.
No, sometimes the bad memories can be the most intense of all.
No, stay together!
No, stop, everyone.
No, thank you, Data.
No, thank you, Doctor.
No, that honour was bestowed upon me.
No, that is a flower, Lal.
No, that is all right.
No, that is not so.
No, that is the Second Rite.
No, that was a dream.
No, that was on the planet.
No, that way.
No, that will not be enough.
No, that will not be necessary.
No, that won't be necessary, Mister Worf.
No, that would be premature.
No, that would be unwise as well.
No, that would not be appropriate.
No, that you'd actually have the nerve to ask her.
No, that's alright, Data.
No, that's just it.
No, that's not possible.
No, that's not right.
No, that's not standard procedure.
No, that's quite true.
No, that's too cruel.
No, that's too much.
No, that's true.
No, that's why I'm here.
No, the Iconians were certainly real.
No, the changes occurred gradually over a long period of time.
No, the concert will ahead as scheduled.
No, the control is still yours.
No, the crimson force field has disarmed us.
No, the evidence was altered to make it appear that way.
No, the first thing I did.
No, the joke was funny.
No, the message was scrambled.
No, the real surprise is that you may actually be improving.
No, the table was smaller.
No, there are five.
No, there are not.
No, there comes a time when a man finds that he can't fall in love again.
No, there is not.
No, there's another wound.
No, there's no reason you should.
No, there's no time for that!
No, there's nothing she can do.
No, they apply to him.
No, they are experiencing difficulty.
No, they are not.
No, they couldn't explain it any more than you could.
No, they get in the way.
No, they have evolved.
No, they might be affecting the Captain.
No, they trust you.
No, they were installed two years ago.
No, they're gone.
No, they're not.
No, think about it.
No, think's not right.
No, this is less than half of what we were promised.
No, this is our chance for acceptance.
No, this is the most acoustically perfect spot on the ship.
No, this isn't it, either.
No, this will take slightly more time than we have, sir.
No, those feelings came from his heart, Spock.
No, wait a minute.
No, wait, I don't want them to have access to the Bridge.
No, wait, I know Paul Hickman.
No, we are not.
No, we are too far below the surface.
No, we can't go forward.
No, we don't have time for that now.
No, we fix the shields first.
No, we have to get to the Neutral Zone.
No, we have to maintain the static warp shell as long as possible!
No, we haven't been able to raise them since the initial contact.
No, we haven't, but I've been saving my ration of dried chicken curry.
No, we never learned what happened or why.
No, we were both too young, too unaware.
No, we won't.
No, we'd be picking up background radiation if they'd gone down.
No, we'll be stranded here.
No, we'll both beam in simultaneously in two different areas of the Bridge.
No, we'll find an alternative route.
No, we'll proceed to Farpoint.
No, we'll start weekly.
No, we're not leaving.
No, we've learned the Q do not admire us.
No, what I mean is, Commander Riker and I never did.
No, you can join us.
No, you can't!
No, you cannot control me.
No, you did that.
No, you didn't, Data.
No, you don't understand.
No, you don't, do you.
No, you gave me his life, and I have spared it.
No, you keep it.
No, you know if you do that in Parrises Squares you lose the rhythm of the game.
No, you must turn them off.
No, you need help.
No, you said I reckon.
No, you wait a minute.
No, you will be expected to attend.
No, you'll work verbally too.
No, you're different.
No, you're just trying to keep me here.
No, you're not confused, Data.
No, you're only half Betazoid, dear.
No, you're right, Data.
No, your head is filled with foolish human notions about the way things are.
Noble sentiments, but that's too easy an answer.
Nobody can claim anything.
Nobody else could say that.
Nobody else was paying attention to him the first time.
Nobody else would listen to him.
Nobody ever said they were great conversationalists.
Nobody forces me anywhere, Brull.
Nobody has suggested removing the Captain from command.
Nobody here knows anything about it.
Nobody in the whole room?
Nobody knows the transporters better than O'Brien and La Forge.
Nobody move!
Nobody said life was safe.
Nobody wants to be around this guy.
Nobody will say anything at all, Wesley.
Nobody would be able survive very long outside that structure.
Nobody!
Nobody'll ever find us.
Nobody's even asked me if this is something I want.
Nobody's going in there until we have done a full sensor analysis.
Noise?
Nok'tar Kahless.
Nok'tar be'got?
Non-human?
Non-stop.
None appears to support life.
None are present on the Enterprise.
None at all, Mister Mandl.
None at all.
None at all?
None in our direct flight path, sir.
None of consequence.
None of it does!
None of it makes any sense.
None of it suggests anything threatening.
None of it's real.
None of the base crew was expected to live, and they all died.
None of the emotional bonds that make us what we are.
None of the games are working.
None of the other transporter rooms are malfunctioning.
None of the scans show any anomalies.
None of the systems involved interact directly with each other.
None of the transponder signatures matches that of the missing ship.
None of them Starfleet ships.
None of them suspects they ever left their planet.
None of these people are emitting life signs.
None of this would have happened if you hadn't brought them together.
None of us are.
None of us can.
None of us has wanted to say it out loud, but we've all had the same thought.
None of us were sick before he came to the village!
None of us will.
None of us would be alive if it weren't for you.
None of which is our concern, Jean-Luc.
None of which is your concern any longer, Mister Ramsey.
None of which stopped you earlier.
None of you knows who transported him.
None so far.
None survived.
None that I know of, but I'll check with the Bajoran liaison Office.
None that I'd care to share with an audience.
None that we know of.
None that we've encountered.
None the worse for wear.
None within sensor range.
None, Commander.
None, Lieutenant.
None, usually.
Nonetheless, I am delighted to be out of that damned coffin.
Nonetheless, I recommend we keep this location under observation.
Nonetheless, the deed is done.
Nonetheless, there are things you do not understand.
Nonexistent.
Nonsense!
Noor will be eager to get a first hand report.
Nor I you.
Nor I.
Nor are you just another biological organism.
Nor can I change who I am.
Nor can I claim your son.
Nor can I, yet I ask myself that question every moment of every day.
Nor can we infer his guilt because he didn't respond.
Nor did I in the beginning.
Nor do I, but I know that this silence will injure us.
Nor do we have any plan to do so.
Nor do you.
Nor does she await you on the planet.
Nor does this.
Nor have I.
Nor his friends.
Nor is it our role to exact revenge.
Nor may a servant be present during a prenuptial consultation.
Nor on this world, for that matter.
Nor ours.
Nor should you.
Nor will I soon forget the look of anguish on your face.
Nor would I ever try.
Nor would I, Mister Worf.
Noranium alloy, sir.
Normal all across.
Normal complement, twenty six officers and crew.
Normal spatial relationships are often distorted within the matter stream.
Normal subspace limitations don't apply to transwarp variables.
Normally, it kicks plasma up into the terawatt range.
Normally?
North America.
Northern province.
Not DNA, the actual livestock.
Not I, Yareena.
Not I.
Not Jayden.
Not Kahless.
Not Picard.
Not a Federation planet.
Not a bacteria, not a virus, but with the elements of both.
Not a dead end at all.
Not a good bet today.
Not a great deal, Commander.
Not a he, not a she.
Not a long one, probably only a few characters.
Not a moment too soon, Jean.
Not a relapse I hope.
Not a sin, you know, though you may have heard otherwise.
Not a soul for kilometres.
Not a task that I'm looking forward to.
Not a thing, sir.
Not a trace of anything that was ever alive.
Not a very challenging field of study, I grant you.
Not a very sophisticated technology.
Not a violent man?
Not a warp bubble, but a subspace funnel.
Not a word to anyone about this, Mirasta.
Not acceptable.
Not according to my mother.
Not according to their computer.
Not after coming so close to cracking this thing.
Not after having come so close.
Not after my old man hears about this.
Not after tonight.
Not after what I allowed to happen/ How could I?
Not after you have broken your word.
Not all of it.
Not all of the Klingons at Khitomer were killed during the massacre.
Not all of them.
Not all of your patients are so lucky.
Not all tests are announced, or what they appear to be.
Not all the Klingons at Khitomer were killed during the massacre.
Not all the Q are alike.
Not all, but enough.
Not altogether.
Not another failure.
Not any longer, sir.
Not any longer.
Not as a servant.
Not as a wedding present for Sir Guy?
Not as far as I'm concerned.
Not as much as you'd imagine.
Not as such.
Not at all an easy task, considering that most of the records are sealed.
Not at all like I thought it would be.
Not at all what one would expect.
Not at all, Captain, but Sarek is in meditation at the moment.
Not at all, Captain.
Not at all, Counsellor.
Not at all, Groppler.
Not at all, Lieutenant.
Not at all, not at all.
Not at all, sir.
Not at the moment.
Not at this time, sir.
Not at this time.
Not at warp, Commander.
Not bad at all.
Not bad for a crazy man.
Not bad for a walking pile of circuitry and memory cells.
Not bad for my first venture into scientific diplomacy.
Not bad, Q.
Not being able to contact you, not knowing if you are alive, makes them uneasy.
Not between us.
Not both.
Not by any definition I have ever heard.
Not by choice.
Not by choice?
Not by me, Commander.
Not by the standards set by my mentors.
Not by you, and not by the Sheliak.
Not certain, sir.
Not directed specifically at us.
Not directly, no.
Not directly.
Not engineered, created.
Not enough time.
Not enough to act upon.
Not entitled to ramble on about something everyone knows.
Not even a bite on the cheek for old time's sake?
Not even a hint?
Not even a little one?
Not even a little.
Not even a seed in their greenery storage.
Not even a trap set for my cha'DIch by a coward.
Not even forty seconds.
Not even our photon torpedoes would be enough.
Not even the Captain.
Not even the Ferengi incident with his old ship, the Stargazer?
Not even the main deflector puts out that kind of spillage.
Not even the stars.
Not even to protect your own existence?
Not even vegetation.
Not even your own government believes it can be done.
Not every man.
Not everyone is cut out to be a Bridge Officer.
Not everyone, but enough to plunge the Empire into civil war if you oppose them.
Not exactly a run of the mill happening, Captain.
Not exactly a vacation planet, eh?
Not exactly a welcome mat.
Not exactly up to factory specs.
Not exactly, but I'll return to Engineering immediately, sir.
Not exactly, sir.
Not exactly, that is.
Not exclusively, no.
Not false hope.
Not far from here.
Not far.
Not fast enough for you, Professor?
Not following standard procedures?
Not for a day, not for an hour.
Not for a second.
Not for anyone.
Not for long.
Not for me, but you'd better take this.
Not for one moment.
Not for over a century.
Not for real.
Not forgetting Mister Crusher.
Not from this distance, sir.
Not from us, but certainly from them.
Not going well, is it.
Not good enough, damn it.
Not good enough.
Not good is a galactic understatement.
Not great.
Not half as much as this damn headache.
Not him, me!
Not if I have a choice.
Not if I weaken first.
Not if it's up to Riker.
Not if the Romulans had help from one of the Klingons.
Not if we can help it.
Not if we distribute the overload evenly throughout the system.
Not if we shut everything off.
Not if you aren't guilty, Simon.
Not if you were to help me.
Not illusion, Lieutenant.
Not in a species of listeners.
Not in everything.
Not in my Sickbay, he won't.
Not in real life.
Not in the slightest.
Not in this manner.
Not in your condition.
Not judge, help you.
Not just Beverly.
Not just among ourselves but with our environment.
Not just cloaked, phased.
Not just reluctant, Miss Troi.
Not just the junior ones.
Not just yet.
Not just yours, but the crew that escorts you.
Not let this get out of control.
Not like anything you've ever seen.
Not like last time.
Not like me.
Not like mine.
Not like the Uthat.
Not like this one.
Not like us.
Not long Romulan sensors are as good as ours.
Not many people are nowadays.
Not many, and it's up to us to make sure it stays that way.
Not many, that's for sure.
Not me.
Not movement exactly, but a definite shift in the energy pattern.
Not much left of this drill.
Not much of a conversationalist, but what a lover.
Not much on pleasantries, is he?
Not much pain.
Not much power there.
Not much, really.
Not nearly enough, I suppose.
Not necessarily meaningless, Commander.
Not necessary.
Not now!
Not now, Data.
Not now, Kazago.
Not now, Remmick.
Not now, Wes.
Not now, damn it, Q.
Not officially.
Not often.
Not on board my ship.
Not on board the Enterprise.
Not on board this ship, Ambassador.
Not on it's own, at any rate.
Not on this planet.
Not one of you?
Not one of your perfectly synthesised, ingeniously enhanced imitations.
Not only does she age in appearance like Data, her vital signs change too.
Not only in countless simulations, but in a field test that I conducted myself.
Not organic.
Not out there, not in here.
Not over subspace, no.
Not particularly powerful.
Not perfect in what way?
Not perform my duty?!
Not permanently, just a sabbatical.
Not permitting the Crusher boy to be executed.
Not precisely, Geordi.
Not quite a descendant.
Not quite that much.
Not real.
Not really, Inspector.
Not repetitive or sequential.
Not resting, Captain?
Not right now.
Not since their initial communication.
Not since they perfected the multiplex pattern buffers.
Not smart enough.
Not smugness, not arrogance.
Not so fast, Wesley.
Not so good.
Not so great.
Not so with the Sheliak.
Not something I do easily.
Not specifically, but there are two things that seem unusual.
Not strictly security.
Not sure of yourself?
Not surgically.
Not surprising.
Not telling me might affect my decision.
Not that I can remember.
Not that I can tell.
Not that I disagree.
Not that I recall.
Not that I saw.
Not that I'd take her life, of course, but I'd be glad to embarrass her.
Not that I'm complaining.
Not that I'm growing tired of hearing your most intimate thoughts.
Not that I've seen.
Not that any computer we have is half as sophisticated as you are.
Not that any of us can find.
Not that it would really help.
Not that old trick.
Not that she used the transporter much, she preferred using the shuttlecraft.
Not that we fully understand your construction either.
Not that.
Not the Enterprise, Captain.
Not the Federation or anyone else.
Not the actual disaster, but the experience of being in command.
Not the apple story again.
Not the best way to meet your new Captain.
Not the starship, my friend.
Not then, and certainly not now.
Not this close.
Not this mission.
Not this time, Picard.
Not this time, Will.
Not this time.
Not thought, more like instinct.
Not till we've done a lot more.
Not to Starfleet, not to myself.
Not to allow it to develop naturally would deny us the opportunity to study it.
Not to destroy the Romulan Empire, but to save it.
Not to mate.
Not to me!
Not to my knowledge, sir.
Not to say that there's no real difference between them.
Not to worry, Commander.
Not to worry, Everything is going to be fine.
Not to worry, Worf.
Not to worry, you will.
Not to you.
Not together, not professionally.
Not tonight.
Not too bad, Commander.
Not too close to mine.
Not true!
Not unless another asteroid decides to pay a call on Penthara, sir.
Not unless it spreads.
Not unless it's yours.
Not unless you like ammonia tornadoes.
Not unlike commanding a starship, Mister Ral.
Not until I came here.
Not until I get an answer.
Not until I have solid evidence that something really is wrong.
Not until the shape has gone through several hundred computational cycles.
Not until we have a little chat.
Not until we have someplace to go.
Not until we know exactly what it's doing to him.
Not until we reach Pacifica, ma'am.
Not us, not second in command, him.
Not very friendly, are they?
Not very hospitable, are they?
Not very long.
Not very much, sir.
Not very much.
Not very sturdy.
Not very well.
Not we, Number One.
Not we.
Not what we're used to, you understand, but it will do.
Not what you hoped for, huh?
Not when it comes to Tagus Three.
Not while I am his captain.
Not while he's aboard.
Not while it's running.
Not with her hands, no.
Not with the first spread.
Not with the internal sensors, Commander.
Not with the scientific part of the mission, no, sir.
Not within range yet.
Not without burning out the tractor beam emitter.
Not without further study.
Not without killing him.
Not without killing the patient.
Not without the Countess.
Not worried exactly.
Not worth your envy.
Not yet, Captain.
Not yet, Mister Worf.
Not yet, Wes.
Not yet, anyway.
Not yet, but some areas are already detecting dangerous levels.
Not yet, but that doesn't mean they won't.
Not yet, but we're gettin' close.
Not you too.
Not you, Data.
Not your style?
Not, I think, today, Commander.
Note any discrepancies.
Noted for future reference.
Noted, Mister Data.
Noted, sir.
Nothing I do has any effect.
Nothing I do seems to make any difference.
Nothing I have seen before.
Nothing I said mattered.
Nothing I say to you hurts you.
Nothing I've been invited to.
Nothing about firing a phaser?
Nothing about it makes sense.
Nothing and no one will stand in my way.
Nothing at all, Mister Hollander.
Nothing available yet, sir.
Nothing bizarre, nothing grotesque.
Nothing but basic elements.
Nothing changes.
Nothing concealed, Captain.
Nothing conclusive.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
Nothing different.
Nothing else can explain what's happened.
Nothing else mattered to me.
Nothing else matters.
Nothing else since?
Nothing else.
Nothing even close.
Nothing feels right.
Nothing for Ficus.
Nothing goes out without specific orders from me.
Nothing happened between us.
Nothing happened.
Nothing has been stolen.
Nothing has changed, Jean-Luc, except for you.
Nothing has changed.
Nothing he said or did during the entire mission.
Nothing helpful has turned up.
Nothing here to answer with.
Nothing important.
Nothing in our database comes close.
Nothing in our survey suggests the source of a parasitic infection.
Nothing in the tricorder readings indicated they were under that kind of stress.
Nothing is beyond your power!
Nothing is hidden.
Nothing lies beneath.
Nothing like that happened.
Nothing makes me laugh.
Nothing makes sense.
Nothing more than mechanisms and algorithmic responses.
Nothing more?
Nothing of the sort.
Nothing on my communicator, sir.
Nothing on sensors.
Nothing on the sensors.
Nothing on the tricorder.
Nothing out of the ordinary.
Nothing personal.
Nothing provocative about it.
Nothing seems real.
Nothing serious so far.
Nothing showed up in the diagnostic sweep at all?
Nothing so far, Commander.
Nothing so far, sir.
Nothing so far.
Nothing so grandiose.
Nothing specific, sir.
Nothing substantial, Captain.
Nothing substantive offered against Mister Tarses, much less proven.
Nothing that I could see.
Nothing that can't wait.
Nothing the Pakleds have said or done has been sincere.
Nothing to be concerned about.
Nothing to do but sit around all day and enjoy the quiet.
Nothing to explain these comas.
Nothing to worry about.
Nothing to write home about.
Nothing unusual here.
Nothing unusual to report.
Nothing was ever enough.
Nothing we can't take care of.
Nothing we found matches up with any known lifeforms.
Nothing will change between us, will it?
Nothing will change.
Nothing will harm you, I promise.
Nothing will stand in our way.
Nothing works just as you hope.
Nothing would be served by killing the Arbiter before his decision.
Nothing would happen.
Nothing would please me more than to give away Mrs.
Nothing wrong here.
Nothing yet, Commander.
Nothing yet.
Nothing you can do will change the fact that I'm innocent.
Nothing you ever did surprised me, son.
Nothing's going to happen to me.
Nothing's responding.
Nothing's wrong with the technology, that I can see.
Nothing's wrong.
Nothing, Commander.
Nothing, I'm fine.
Nothing, really.
Nothing, thank you.
Nothing?
Notice that his heart rate has slowed somewhat.
Notice the micro-circuitry here and here.
Notice the same twitch, even though he is unconscious?
Notices Sakkath watching Sarek intently.
Notify Doctor Crusher when Acamar's medical database is online.
Notify Doctor Crusher.
Notify Starfleet.
Notify all sections we'll be leaving this area in one hour.
Notify me when the transfer is complete.
Notify the Enterprise to shut down the power transfer immediately.
Notify the away team to prepare for transport.
Notify the department heads.
Notify the flagship that we have assumed station.
Notify the transporter room I have fourteen to beam up.
Now Doctor Apgar had been ordering extra dicosilium for months.
Now Doctor, this deflector wasn't set properly.
Now Geordi can get us out of here.
Now I am ready.
Now I am warning you.
Now I ask you again, First Officer to First Officer.
Now I call that communicating.
Now I can be everything you want me to be.
Now I couldn't imagine life without them.
Now I don't know what to believe.
Now I give up.
Now I gotcha.
Now I have to do it all over again.
Now I have to get back to work.
Now I know why you wore that dress.
Now I know you're bluffing.
Now I know you're seeing someone.
Now I must do mine.
Now I see how history has rewarded them.
Now I suppose I'll never know what you were going to say about me.
Now I understand why you can't concentrate.
Now I want her more than ever.
Now I want to hear everything that happened after you left Starfleet Medical.
Now I want triple redundancy on all of the sensor arrays.
Now I will cut the umbilical cord.
Now I will have your silence.
Now I will prove it to you.
Now I would like some explanation.
Now I'll need someone to play with.
Now I'm asking again.
Now I'm beginning to understand him.
Now I'm going all the way to Vertiform City!
Now I'm here.
Now I'm in a warp field.
Now I'm not sure where I stand.
Now I, we have a chance.
Now access the file.
Now all he can do is to give himself up to you.
Now an audience.
Now an iconic display console positioned for right hand.
Now and then, perhaps it's overflowed a little, but I enjoy living.
Now answer the question.
Now approaching Beta Agni Two, sir.
Now approaching target coordinates.
Now approaching the Paulson Nebula, sir.
Now at point oh two centimetres.
Now at the two centimetre level.
Now at three point two, Commander.
Now at twelve thousand degrees C.
Now at two hundred and nineteen metres per second.
Now barokie, there's a game.
Now be careful, boys.
Now be quiet!
Now close your eyes.
Now come on, Captain, no one said anything of the kind.
Now correlating sensor readings.
Now did Rita call or not?
Now do you remember me?
Now do you see why it's funny?
Now do you understand?
Now does your species procreate?
Now don't be foolish.
Now don't be modest, Will.
Now doubly so.
Now eat something.
Now end the demonstration.
Now entering quadrant nine zero seven, mark three.
Now entering standard orbit of Gamma Hromi Two, sir.
Now entering the Beta Agni system, sir.
Now everyone hold their position.
Now finally I can vindicate myself, if only in a small way.
Now games require rules and rewards and dangers and familiar settings.
Now get moving.
Now get off my ship.
Now get out of here, Data, please.
Now get out!
Now get some rest, or I'll have you relieved and sedated.
Now getting feedback on the beam, sir.
Now give it to me.
Now go on, I'll be right in.
Now go through, slowly.
Now goodnight, Captain.
Now he comes crawling aboard with some kind of test.
Now he was fascinating.
Now he'll never pay the ransom.
Now he's hurting me no.
Now he's strongly drawn to this creature.
Now he's young again, and has his life to live over.
Now how did this happen?
Now how much longer is this going to take?
Now how would you know that?
Now if I can just do well on the oral exams.
Now if there's some other way we can help you.
Now if this is going to work, you're going to have to alter your society, too.
Now if you will excuse us, we have business.
Now if you'll excuse me, my time here is most limited.
Now imagine what this shape would look like if it were turned inside out.
Now in close parking orbit, sir.
Now isn't that incentive enough?
Now it has to deal with events that he has no previous knowledge of.
Now it is tolerated.
Now it seems that I'm alive.
Now it's a matter of life and death when you take the advantage.
Now it's around your neck.
Now it's as simple as that.
Now it's gone, but I'm feeling a bit foggy.
Now it's just a piece of junk.
Now it's just an excuse for more violence.
Now it's time for the long pants.
Now it's time to find a path that is truly yours.
Now it's time to move on.
Now its a repulser beam too.
Now just go about your business.
Now just sit down and eat.
Now just wait here.
Now leaving the Jovis.
Now let me ask you a question.
Now let me guess.
Now let's have a little fun with it.
Now let's see how fast she can run.
Now let's see if we can get this ship to go where we want.
Now let's try something else.
Now let's try to find out how you responded to these feelings.
Now let's, er, let's throw them off guard.
Now life's true gift is the capacity to enjoy enjoyment.
Now listen to me.
Now look at the little lady.
Now look down the sides of the lift.
Now look, this is a simple ceremonial greeting, nothing more.
Now lose it in the deck.
Now make one blade longer, curved inward.
Now open, sir.
Now please, please, be calm.
Now please, sit down.
Now reading the hostile at warp nine point nine, sir.
Now running it through language and logic circuits.
Now save your rook, if you can.
Now set him free!
Now she is dead.
Now she lives only here And here.
Now sixty over ten.
Now something has changed that.
Now stay that way.
Now stop demeaning me and address me as an adult!
Now stop!
Now talk.
Now tell me exactly what happened.
Now that Duras knows his bloodlines, we will both be executed.
Now that I think about it, you're absolutely right, Commander.
Now that he has died in disgrace, what is gained by further silence?
Now that he's accepted, we can leave him at Starbase Montgomery.
Now that is healthy for a boy his age.
Now that is truly exceptional.
Now that means delta shift will be due to come on duty in two hours.
Now that obviously should belong to the final piece.
Now that she's separated from her mother, she depends on you.
Now that should not have happened.
Now that should release the panel underneath.
Now that those circuits are active, what are you going to do with them?
Now that was a simple misunderstanding.
Now that was my error, using the Bessel functions at the beginning.
Now that will be all for today.
Now that worked just fine.
Now that would be extremely helpful.
Now that you know that you might not?
Now that you mention it, I do remember one thing.
Now that you've met me, am I what you expected?
Now that you've totally humiliated us, may we return to our vessel?
Now that's a compliment, Q.
Now that's an efficient operation.
Now that's disappointing.
Now that's enough.
Now that's more like it.
Now that's very surprising.
Now that's what I call a wee drop of the creature.
Now the Federation would murder me to achieve its aims.
Now the Klingon cultural database was very specific on the setting.
Now the burden is yours.
Now the door is open between our peoples.
Now the future lies in your hands right now.
Now the machines are flying us.
Now the one below it, hit twice.
Now the point of this game shall be, can any of you can stay alive?
Now the respiratory system's active.
Now the setting is complete.
Now the truth has been revealed.
Now the war can continue.
Now there has been a series of geological tremors on the planet.
Now there is something I'd like to see.
Now there's a name we haven't heard for a while.
Now there's nothing.
Now there's one I haven't heard in a long time.
Now there's the catch.
Now they need to be watered.
Now they will learn nothing but what we tell them.
Now they'll rationalise it by throwing us some sort of bone.
Now think.
Now this choice is more difficult.
Now this has been a shock to your system, and I want you to not push yourself.
Now this is an order.
Now this is getting interesting.
Now this is something that I first tasted on Thelka Four.
Now to activate it.
Now transmitting the coordinates of our holding cell.
Now try this.
Now try to move your leg.
Now wait a minute, Doctor.
Now watch what happens at zero nine five four three three on the clock.
Now we are ready.
Now we can vary all the parameters directly from the Bridge.
Now we have a common enemy, he says.
Now we have to alter its signal pattern so the Enterprise knows we've found it.
Now we just have to re-align the diverter.
Now we just have to teach you to structure that feeling.
Now we know he went somewhere else to try a second time.
Now we know there's someone out there and they're asking for help.
Now we know what they mean by Advanced Tactical Training.
Now we know what triggered the SOS.
Now we know where he's headed.
Now we know who placed the bread crumbs.
Now we know why all that is there.
Now we live in you.
Now we must deliver the cargo ourselves.
Now we must learn to use this power safely.
Now we now have a reasonable hypothesis as to whom.
Now we think it may be a radial imbalance in the phase discriminator.
Now we wait.
Now we'll just take another route.
Now we'll never get a lick of work out of them.
Now we're getting there.
Now we're hearing some truth.
Now we're on the right track.
Now what are you doing?
Now what do we do?
Now what if this thing manages to rewrite our entire system?
Now what is the purpose?
Now what possible incentive could anyone offer me to allow that to happen?
Now what possible incentive could anyone offer me to allow that?
Now what were you doing on Barradas Three, Commander?
Now when someone lies there are certain physical manifestations.
Now where did that come from?
Now who breaks the rules?
Now who gave you that order?
Now who is to say which is better?
Now why am I standing here again?
Now why are you bringing everything down in shuttlecraft?
Now why do I find that so hard to believe?
Now why do you think they would strike such a bargain?
Now why, I wonder, did it spare your group?
Now will it do what Kosinski says it will?
Now will never come again.
Now within one kilometre of the surface.
Now within transporter range.
Now would be a good time, Mister O'Brien.
Now would you please get out of my house.
Now you are going to listen to me.
Now you be sure and dress warmly on those other planes of existence.
Now you do know what a bilateral kelilactiral is?
Now you do.
Now you don't have as many!
Now you have to get help.
Now you lead.
Now you must demonstrate courage in a new way.
Now you must live with your decision, like a Klingon.
Now you remember that, you hear.
Now you tell me what the hell is going on?
Now you'll help me, just like you helped them.
Now you're coming back to Mordan to negotiate for hostages again.
Now you're doing it.
Now you're getting it.
Now you're just being unfair, Doctor.
Now you're no doubt going to tell me that I have to prove it to you.
Now you're telling me this isn't true?
Now you've done it, Captain.
Now you've only got one possible escape.
Now's not the best time.
Now, Admiral, you've been in one or two bars in your time.
Now, Captain Picard will do everything possible to bring our children back.
Now, Commander Data has some theories on how we might communicate.
Now, Commander, it may take months to find another suitable site.
Now, Commander.
Now, Data, you remember the psychotronic stability examination.
Now, Data.
Now, Get to your station and concentrate on your assignment.
Now, I also have to tell him that his father is dead.
Now, I am quite comfortable with my decision.
Now, I came here on serious business.
Now, I can allow time for you and Kevin to pack.
Now, I don't know.
Now, I had no intention of interrupting you.
Now, I must ask you, will you release my officer?
Now, I neither expect nor require any special treatment.
Now, I think it's time to call in some old favours.
Now, I think that we should just forget about this and enjoy out evening.
Now, I want an explanation, Mister Crusher, and I want it now.
Now, I want you to focus on who I am.
Now, I want you to take your time, Counsellor.
Now, I wonder who started that birthmark rumour?
Now, I would like to set up in the Engine Room immediately.
Now, I wouldn't have requested you if you weren't the best.
Now, I'd like some additional help in case we run into trouble.
Now, I'll be back.
Now, I'll do my homework.
Now, I'll go and get some rest.
Now, I'm Beverly.
Now, I'm fighting a big war against a more powerful adversary.
Now, I'm going to finish my work here.
Now, I'm going to get some action or else.
Now, I'm in charge until relieved by Commander Riker or Captain Picard.
Now, I'm ordering you to drop your shields.
Now, I've seen the Hera.
Now, I've told you what you must do.
Now, Jean-Luc, let's not be unkind.
Now, Klingon, it's between you and me.
Now, Kosinski was sent by Starfleet to improve our warp drive system.
Now, Lieutenant, conduct the Commander to Sickbay.
Now, Lwaxana, I have a business proposition for you.
Now, Masaka is a queen.
Now, Mister Crusher.
Now, Mister Data, warp speed, please.
Now, Mister Logan.
Now, Mister Worf!
Now, Mister Worf.
Now, Mrs.
Now, Number One, look at that control panel.
Now, Number One, we need a crew to help us get that hatch off.
Now, Wes.
Now, alcohol does this, Wesley.
Now, are we progressing, Mister La Forge?
Now, as for our cargo.
Now, as near as I can tell, these are behavioural nodes.
Now, as you take a look at the tissue samples, form an image in your mind.
Now, assemble all personnel on the transporter pad.
Now, at the risk of being rude.
Now, be sure you put in the part about me spotting that phony policeman.
Now, cadmium is a conduit for converting infra-red into electricity.
Now, can you extrapolate its shape and its position?
Now, come forward.
Now, come on, I want to see exactly what's happening.
Now, come sit with me.
Now, complete the Rite of Succession.
Now, dear lady, will that be one lump or two?
Now, do you know how to formulate a premise?
Now, do you see anything that we might be able to use as a flux inhibitor?
Now, do you want to try it again?
Now, do you want to wait or give me my three weeks?
Now, don't be nervous.
Now, don't just imitate me.
Now, give me another burst, about four seconds, right here.
Now, give me the gun.
Now, go back or thou shalt most certainly die.
Now, have I arrived too late, or can you still smile?
Now, he's a martyr.
Now, he's gone.
Now, here are your room keys.
Now, here, you are not the man you claimed to be.
Now, hold it a little bit more firmly.
Now, honey, you got fifteen and the dealer's showing ten.
Now, how about two Papalla juices with extra bubbles.
Now, how many people on your ship?
Now, how would she react to you?
Now, if anyone has a better idea, I'd be happy to entertain it.
Now, if the bitter taste of that is unpalatable to you, I am truly sorry.
Now, if we're to be real friends, we've got to share only the truth.
Now, if what you say is true, where am I?
Now, if you didn't contract for this, who did?
Now, if you have course and speed laid in.
Now, if you will help me to get to the shuttle.
Now, if you'd just let us care of it, the work would go much faster.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I've got a train to catch.
Now, if you'll excuse me.
Now, if you'll permit me, I'll continue my character assassination unimpeded.
Now, in retrospect, he probably did.
Now, is that counsellor position is still open aboard ship?
Now, is this merely mechanics or is it nature that we deal with in all of this?
Now, it is time to come home.
Now, it may be too late.
Now, it might not have been him.
Now, it's not a hole as much as it is a fluctuation.
Now, it's very important you answer something.
Now, it's your decision.
Now, just you hold on.
Now, keep singing.
Now, lad, I thought you were going to buy me a drink in Ten Forward.
Now, lean back, close your eyes.
Now, let me see the others.
Now, let's get a shot of mom.
Now, let's get down to business.
Now, let's get some sleep.
Now, let's go back to the shuttlecraft.
Now, let's go easy on this arm for a little while, okay?
Now, let's go.
Now, let's see if we can override this stun mechanism.
Now, let's see what happens.
Now, listen, guys.
Now, look up, Data.
Now, magnify four times, and spectrally enhance those shadows.
Now, may I go inside?
Now, may I present my First Officer.
Now, maybe we'll be able to get some things straightened out.
Now, monitor your speed exactly.
Now, move along.
Now, now do you see my point?
Now, now we don't wish to be too familiar at this early juncture.
Now, now, Commander, you know better than that.
Now, now, now, you boys have been shut up in here for hours.
Now, of course, the question is, who will take the initiative?
Now, once I have regained voice command, I will transport you from the holodeck.
Now, open your eyes.
Now, over there.
Now, place the neural output pods in contact with the tricorder scanner heads.
Now, play something happier.
Now, please say again.
Now, please tell me.
Now, please!
Now, please, continue with the introductions.
Now, please, you must let me handle this.
Now, probably ninety percent of what happens on this ship is done automatically.
Now, proceed on course bearing one oh two mark four to the Kaleb sector.
Now, put us right in their path and come to a full stop.
Now, quickly.
Now, quote me a little of that poetry.
Now, redirect transporter mode to the planetary sensor array.
Now, regardless of the risk, wake him.
Now, remember to control your descent and don't get the lines tangled.
Now, reverse and stop!
Now, run.
Now, see, that's funny.
Now, show me your warrior fierceness.
Now, smile.
Now, some music.
Now, something is wrong.
Now, spread as much of it as you can onto the wound.
Now, stay awake.
Now, stay away from Medical Database.
Now, take a wider stance.
Now, take one of the artefacts and beam down.
Now, take the nose of the shuttlecraft and aim it directly at Relva Seven.
Now, tell me one thing.
Now, tell me, Commander, what is Data?
Now, thank you.
Now, that bundle of wires, that's optical cabling.
Now, that's sex appeal.
Now, the Chrysalians, we're enemies to no one, and we choose to remain that way.
Now, the first thing I think we need to discuss is this.
Now, the matter of our missing officers.
Now, the yellow control pad, hit that once.
Now, there are over a thousand people on this ship.
Now, there are several discrepancies in the Captain's log.
Now, there are several seeming discrepancies in the Captain's log.
Now, there is a ladder along the wall of the shaft.
Now, think back to before you came to the hospital.
Now, this is an order.
Now, this is going to hurt a bit.
Now, this will put the ship at risk.
Now, this won't hurt a bit.
Now, to my right is a larger triangular screen.
Now, try to stay conscious and don't leave the shuttle.
Now, understand we believe conception took place eleven hours ago.
Now, unless there is something else?
Now, wait a minute.
Now, we don't want to lose you.
Now, we have to go search for clues.
Now, we shall be studying this star at close range.
Now, we understand that DaiMon Solok runs cargo there from time to time.
Now, we'll see what they have in mind.
Now, we're having an intermittent problem with this anti-grav unit.
Now, we're here to talk.
Now, what can you do?
Now, what did I ask you to do?
Now, what did he accuse you of?
Now, what do you say to my offer.
Now, what do you think that tells me about your character?
Now, what the hell is going on here, Will?
Now, what were your orders?
Now, what's your name, young man?
Now, when I first set foot on Ventax Two, what did I offer your people?
Now, when I was there, he helped me.
Now, when the others come, you can die along with everyone else.
Now, when they give way, we shall fall.
Now, where have you gone to, my friend?
Now, where is he?
Now, where shall I start?
Now, whether you believe me or not, you are here, and you have a second chance.
Now, will you help me?
Now, will you please leave my ship.
Now, witness the result.
Now, you are going to have to stand up to Dirgo on your own.
Now, you are the leader.
Now, you calm down.
Now, you can pull it away.
Now, you keep up your end.
Now, you know all this because you read it in a Holmes story, right?
Now, you must find some way to shut it down.
Now, you relax.
Now, you tell him that you and I were friends.
Now, you understand.
Now, you will refrain from using them.
Now, you'll do me the courtesy of joining us at dinner.
Now, you'll notice that I don't just repeat the same pattern over and over.
Now, you're going to need to hold very still.
Now, you're not escaping another appointment, are you?
Nowhere near a major artery or organ.
NuQ cha'tak.
NuQ!
Nuclear vibration?
Nucleosynthesis.
Number One we're ready to beam you aboard.
Number One, I believe what happened on the Horatio was sabotage.
Number One, I don't understand these people.
Number One, I have the distinct impression that we're being toyed with.
Number One, I think we have an opportunity to end this siege.
Number One, I think we should get on with our mission.
Number One, I think you had better see who's at home.
Number One, I want a staff meeting on the observation deck.
Number One, I want them at a staff meeting in one hour.
Number One, I want to get underway as soon as the shuttle is secure.
Number One, I want you to analyse our sensor readings of the Borg ship.
Number One, I want you to oversee the rest of the ship.
Number One, I'd like you to take a look at this brain scan graph.
Number One, MacDougal, get that boy out of Engineering.
Number One, Mister Data.
Number One, Mister Worf, let's go greet our visitors.
Number One, Will, something has happened already.
Number One, a moment.
Number One, a word.
Number One, an update, please.
Number One, any speculation on what we might find down there?
Number One, arrange to have Hester Dealt transported up.
Number One, as soon as Data is ready, I want you to lead an away team.
Number One, assemble the away team.
Number One, assemble the rest of your away team.
Number One, assemble your team.
Number One, can you hear this?
Number One, come in.
Number One, contact the Ferengi Government.
Number One, did something unusual just occur on the Bridge?
Number One, did you get them off?
Number One, do you remember what happened?
Number One, find out if anything similar happened in this sector.
Number One, get us to Daled as quickly as possible.
Number One, get your team back up here.
Number One, good luck.
Number One, handle the transporter.
Number One, has it occurred to you that you might be the one with the problem?
Number One, have Security moving that way but tell them to keep their distance.
Number One, have we any further business in the Tanuga system?
Number One, have you been monitoring communications?
Number One, have you never dreamed of climbing inside the bottle?
Number One, how?
Number One, inform Karnas we'll be beaming down in less than five minutes.
Number One, inform me half an hour before we reach those co-ordinates.
Number One, it seems our Security Chief has the equivalent of a snootful.
Number One, keep them out of my way.
Number One, lay in a course.
Number One, light.
Number One, make sure that booby trap doesn't bother anyone again.
Number One, my fencing partner's cancelled for this afternoon.
Number One, perhaps you'd better take an away team down and have a closer look.
Number One, prepare am away team.
Number One, proceed with caution.
Number One, put a technical team together.
Number One, ready an away team.
Number One, set a course one three zero mark two four six, warp seven.
Number One, set course for Nelvana Three.
Number One, take a security team up to deck two.
Number One, take him down to main Engineering.
Number One, tell Kosinski prepare to get us out of here.
Number One, tell me about this group's leader.
Number One, the Bridge, such as it is, is yours.
Number One, the situation is under control.
Number One, those big clamps are part of the emergency system.
Number One, try to make some sense out of this mess.
Number One, we have been exemplary in our patience.
Number One, we'll proceed to Indri Eight.
Number One, we're wasting our energy trying to escape.
Number One, we've picked up an automated signal from a Federation shuttlecraft.
Number One, what is my present location?
Number One, what reason does the Enterprise have for remaining at Rana?
Number One, what's going on?
Number One, why don't you show the Commander to her quarters?
Number One, why haven't you left that building?
Number One, will you join me in the Ready room?
Number One, will you set course for Starbase two twenty seven.
Number One, you know where we are now?
Number One, you say the couple is incapable of sustaining themselves?
Number One, you're going to have to go down there.
Number One, you're with me.
Number and type of ships, Mister Crusher?
Number four shield buckling.
Number of casualties?
Number three shield nearing failure.
Numbers?
NuqneH.
Nuria can't be found.
Nuria isn't here.
Nuria!
Nuria, I'm not saying all the old beliefs are true.
Nuria, don't be afraid.
Nuria, your people live in huts.
Nuria.
Nurse McClukidge can cover for you.
Nurse Ogawa has recently became pregnant.
Nurse, bring me an interphasic scanner.
Nurse.
Nursed her back to health.
Nut whatever it is, she's got it.
O brave new world, that has such people in it.
O'BRIEN Freighters, transports, all civilians.
O'BRIEN Scalloped potatoes, mutton shanks, oxtails and cabbage.
O'Brien gets a return shot for his trouble.
O'Brien here, Captain.
O'Brien here, Commander.
O'Brien here.
O'Brien to Captain Picard.
O'Brien to La Forge.
O'Brien, Commander Riker's been injured.
O'Brien, Geordi, Worf, Wesley, my son.
O'Brien, I think that third wave should be in position.
O'Brien, energise.
O'Brien, get him out of there!
O'Brien, increase transporter power.
O'Brien, is it?
O'Brien, lock onto Ishara and get her out of here!
O'Brien, report.
O'Brien, take a nap.
O'Brien, this is Doctor Pulaski.
O'Brien, what happened down there?
O'Brien, what's the hold up?
O'Donnell, Juliana.
O'Mat gri tea and piviots.
O'tak tu'ro!
OGAWA?
Obey my orders.
Obey my wishes.
Object is firing.
Object to port.
Objection denied.
Objection withdrawn.
Objection, Your Honour, I want this read.
Objection, your honour!
Objection, your honour.
Objects appear approximately five hundred times their normal size.
Objects, sounds, smells.
Observe him?
Observe how a spring day on his native Earth affects him.
Observe your station, Ensign Mendon.
Observe, theorise and attempt to prove it.
Observe.
Obstructing him?
Obviously Starfleet feels that time is of the essence.
Obviously a class M world.
Obviously he has corrupted you as well.
Obviously it works very rapidly, but how does it work?
Obviously it's easy for people to misunderstand.
Obviously made by Colonel Richey.
Obviously nothing we have now can stop them.
Obviously there's been some misunderstanding.
Obviously they need our help.
Obviously we've underestimated their technology, Captain.
Obviously you feel it's something we should look at more carefully.
Obviously you feel unable to handle me.
Obviously you've never dealt with my people before.
Obviously, I am not.
Obviously, I wanted something else.
Obviously, Starfleet will want to know more.
Obviously, because I am a threat to society.
Obviously, he has no diplomatic talents.
Obviously, he's trying to alter the programming here.
Obviously, they did not expect and never wanted this challenge.
Obviously, they thought this was the world from which I came.
Obviously, they want us.
Obviously, we are refusing to comply.
Obviously, we would not.
Obviously, you can't let him go, Jean-Luc.
Obviously, you'd decide not to make the same mistake twice.
Obviously.
Odan's host body died of the injuries just over an hour ago.
Odan, I do love you.
Odan, I have to go.
Odan, Odan.
Odan, are we?
Odan, you must convince him to stop.
Odan.
Odd looking.
Odd memories coming to the surface.
Odd that in two centuries neither civilisation advanced much further.
Odds and ends, mostly.
Ode to Psyche.
Of a mining shuttle?
Of absolutely nothing.
Of all performers available, who is considered funniest?
Of all the childish, selfish, irresponsible things to do!
Of all the impudence.
Of all the medical facilities available, why did he have to end up here?
Of any kind.
Of being inferior.
Of course I can tell you.
Of course I can.
Of course I care about you.
Of course I did!
Of course I did.
Of course I don't, Data.
Of course I have.
Of course I know who I am.
Of course I love you.
Of course I remember him, but
Of course I remember.
Of course I'm prepared.
Of course he did.
Of course he is, Jean-Luc.
Of course he was.
Of course he's innocent.
Of course it does, but it's not just a matter of taste.
Of course it is Koroth!
Of course it is.
Of course it will, and we're fully prepared for it.
Of course it will.
Of course it would never be permitted.
Of course it's different.
Of course it's here.
Of course not, Jack.
Of course not, Mister Burke.
Of course she's your ship.
Of course there is.
Of course they let me live.
Of course they're not.
Of course they're well.
Of course we did.
Of course we do.
Of course we would.
Of course you are concerned, Gul Macet.
Of course you carried the pain.
Of course you couldn't.
Of course you do, Madam.
Of course you don't, and you never will until you become one of us.
Of course you don't.
Of course you had a choice.
Of course you know that is out of the question.
Of course you were, DaiMon.
Of course you will.
Of course you won the ribbon.
Of course you would, my child.
Of course you wouldn't.
Of course you'll die.
Of course!
Of course, Admiral.
Of course, Captain Kargan.
Of course, Captain, but I'm very happy we have you here.
Of course, Captain, you command the ship, but the mission is mine.
Of course, Commander La Forge and Commander Data did most of the work.
Of course, Data.
Of course, I don't believe it.
Of course, I sparkled a bit myself in those days.
Of course, I was a little nervous, but I was proud of him.
Of course, I wouldn't put it so melodramatically.
Of course, I'll have to try some of them.
Of course, Jean-Luc.
Of course, Lieutenant.
Of course, Number One.
Of course, Yuta.
Of course, but I would like to run one or two more tests on you, Lieutenant.
Of course, in the end I was proven correct.
Of course, it's going to look much better on me when I'm naked.
Of course, it's probably because I've grown beyond them.
Of course, my dear.
Of course, my ship is the Drake.
Of course, no one knew we were coming.
Of course, now that you're losing.
Of course, now the objective is to roll a duplicate six before hitting seven.
Of course, on the first visit, I got into a wee bit of trouble.
Of course, please.
Of course, something you learn.
Of course, that duty will fall to Commander Data.
Of course, the best way to get the information I need would be to do an autopsy.
Of course, the last person he would tell would be his mother.
Of course, there really wasn't any reason for him to make voice contact.
Of course, they probably have them already, but you can't be too sure.
Of course, we'll have to lend them some of our engineering support crews.
Of course, you can't see.
Of course, you deserved it.
Of course, you will have to accept the consequences of your inaction.
Of course, you're giving thanks for your food.
Of her.
Of hytritium should be enough to neutralise the contamination.
Of minor injuries.
Of my crew.
Of something much worse.
Of that I have no question.
Of that you can be sure.
Of that, I have absolutely no doubt.
Of the Enterprise, no less.
Of the planet Earth.
Of the starship Enterprise.
Of what is he accused?
Of what nature?
Of what, Lieutenant?
Of which you were exonerated.
Off the bridge!
Off the record.
Off with their heads.
Off with you.
Offered me a seat on the Council if I'd help him.
Officer Chang!
Officers I've known for years are bluffing their way through talk of old times.
Officers' quarters.
Official business.
Offspring.
Often Wrong Soong.
Often Wrong's got a broken heart.
Often Wrong?
Often a prime ingredient in teenage mating rituals.
Often for hours.
Ogat?
Oh God, would I love to show you.
Oh I just thought I'd stop by.
Oh come, Riker.
Oh dear, I think your replicator's having a nervous collapse.
Oh do eat up, Picard.
Oh five, oh three.
Oh my God.
Oh my god, sir!
Oh nine hundred hours, counselling session with Ensign Janeway.
Oh no!
Oh no, I don't want that.
Oh no, I want to know about you.
Oh no, I'm not.
Oh no, Number One.
Oh no, just a little off the top.
Oh no, no, there'll be plenty of time for that.
Oh no, not easily.
Oh no, of course not.
Oh no, please, don't leave.
Oh no, the Angosians take good care of their prisoners.
Oh no.
Oh please, don't listen to him.
Oh really.
Oh really?
Oh well, at least you're ready for Halloween.
Oh well, time to leave.
Oh yeah, and it's full of gold too.
Oh yeah, don't worry.
Oh yes I would, and should.
Oh yes they do.
Oh yes we would.
Oh yes, Captain.
Oh yes, I know.
Oh yes, Number One, about that Horga'hn you requested.
Oh yes, computer, English tack, and I will control the animal myself.
Oh yes, dear, of course I was.
Oh yes, he has.
Oh yes, he's very excited about it.
Oh yes, it is.
Oh yes, of course, from the starship.
Oh yes, that's right, now I remember.
Oh yes, the helm's located on the Bridge.
Oh yes, they told me.
Oh yes, this is very impressive, Mister Worf.
Oh yes, we might as well let him try it.
Oh yes, yes.
Oh yes, you do.
Oh yes.
Oh, Alyssa, how are things going between you and Lieutenant Powell?
Oh, Alyssa, that's wonderful!
Oh, Amanda.
Oh, Beverly.
Oh, Captain Picard, at last.
Oh, Captain, in fairness, let me try, I deserve at least that much.
Oh, Captain.
Oh, Come on, I can't believe that.
Oh, Commander Daren.
Oh, Commander Riker.
Oh, Commander.
Oh, Data don't waste time.
Oh, Data, I was there, right at the beginning on Omicron Theta.
Oh, Data, how can I answer that?
Oh, Data.
Oh, Deanna, I loved Odan.
Oh, Diomedian scarlet moss.
Oh, Doctor Pulaski.
Oh, Ensign Sonya Gomez.
Oh, Geordi, it's started.
Oh, I almost forgot.
Oh, I can kill it but not without destroying the nerves it's inhabiting.
Oh, I can tell.
Oh, I cannot answer that.
Oh, I did that once when I was thirteen.
Oh, I didn't see you there.
Oh, I didn't want this.
Oh, I do not feel envy.
Oh, I do tend to have a bit of a motor mouth, especially when I'm excited.
Oh, I don't know, Guinan.
Oh, I don't think so, lassie, but I'll let you know if you can.
Oh, I doubt that.
Oh, I envy you, Wesley Crusher.
Oh, I figured it was probably the one that lets you see what you want to see.
Oh, I got it!
Oh, I got the days confused.
Oh, I haven't been called that for some time either.
Oh, I haven't got in trouble yet.
Oh, I know he was broken up inside, who wouldn't be?
Oh, I know what you're thinking.
Oh, I know.
Oh, I love you.
Oh, I picked the right day all right.
Oh, I read your last novel.
Oh, I really mean it this time.
Oh, I see that, Commander, I see that.
Oh, I take it back.
Oh, I think we can resume the sequence.
Oh, I think you are more empathic than you admit.
Oh, I tried telepathy on him.
Oh, I wasn't looking.
Oh, I will be sure to mention your name to Gowron when I speak to him.
Oh, I wonder if you can possibly help me with something.
Oh, I'd love that.
Oh, I'll die, but I won't really be dead.
Oh, I'll get us a couple of drinks, okay?
Oh, I'll sleep here.
Oh, I'm boring you.
Oh, I'm fine, Doctor.
Oh, I'm fine.
Oh, I'm not getting through.
Oh, I'm not taking it lightly.
Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot my hat.
Oh, I'm sorry, I meant to cancel your appointment today.
Oh, I'm sorry, Number One.
Oh, I'm sure.
Oh, I'm terribly sorry, Mister Android.
Oh, I've arranged for a bit of privacy.
Oh, Jean-Luc!
Oh, Jean-Luc, spoken like a true Frenchman.
Oh, Jean-Luc.
Oh, Jenice, we are so close.
Oh, Kaelon Two?
Oh, Kestra, you've made the baby cry.
Oh, Kestra.
Oh, Lieutenant, you wouldn't complain even if you had cause.
Oh, Minister, darling, perhaps you and the Jerko here can come with us.
Oh, Mister Homn.
Oh, Paul, you're going to be just fine.
Oh, Picard, I will enjoy you morning, noon and night.
Oh, Professor.
Oh, Robin Hood.
Oh, Ronin.
Oh, Tex, darlin', you're brilliant!
Oh, Venezuela's beautiful.
Oh, Worf.
Oh, Wyatt, how do you like my new hairstyle?
Oh, a duck blind.
Oh, am I glad to see you.
Oh, and I advise you to change your clothing.
Oh, and get that fish out of the ready room.
Oh, and how do you propose to do that, Picard?
Oh, and it's important not to move around too much.
Oh, and one more thing.
Oh, and one piece of good news..
Oh, and speaking of command.
Oh, and tell him to write me.
Oh, and why is that?
Oh, and will you bring the scan analysis to my quarters when you're off watch?
Oh, are there?
Oh, better.
Oh, but I am always serious, dear boy.
Oh, but I have done better since.
Oh, but it is, and we have.
Oh, but the profiles we've exchanged.
Oh, but there is.
Oh, but you can, Picard.
Oh, but you will.
Oh, by all means, Commander.
Oh, by the way, that first artefacts is not Romulan.
Oh, by the way, you'll need this.
Oh, cluck, cluck, Number One.
Oh, come now, Picard.
Oh, come on, Will.
Oh, come on, it's been hours.
Oh, come on.
Oh, come, Picard.
Oh, concern for one's fellow comrade.
Oh, damn.
Oh, darling!
Oh, dear, no.
Oh, deck six.
Oh, don't go.
Oh, don't worry, I've no intention of doing so.
Oh, don't worry.
Oh, er, France.
Oh, er, Geordi, Deanna.
Oh, er, six point eight kilometres.
Oh, er, thank you, Mister Data.
Oh, er, yes.
Oh, for God's sake, Walker.
Oh, for shame, Worf.
Oh, for the Ferengi to beam over.
Oh, forget it, Captain Picard.
Oh, forget it.
Oh, good lord, a highwayman.
Oh, good.
Oh, hardly.
Oh, have you come to see me to repent?
Oh, he gave me quite a game for his first time out.
Oh, he might.
Oh, he utterly adored me.
Oh, he went back to the ship to get his saddle.
Oh, he's insanely jealous.
Oh, he's out now, wanderin' across the land, angry, angry at being driven out.
Oh, hell.
Oh, her mind's in an awful turmoil, Sir Guy.
Oh, how so?
Oh, hundreds of centuries ago.
Oh, if only I could have been like you.
Oh, if you weren't a captain.
Oh, in different ways, of course.
Oh, is that all?
Oh, is that what I want?
Oh, it can't do any harm to ask that.
Oh, it isn't.
Oh, it was my pleasure.
Oh, it was, especially when he smiled.
Oh, it will be.
Oh, it's about war and glory.
Oh, it's all right.
Oh, it's bad.
Oh, it's dangerous.
Oh, it's good to see you up and about again, sir.
Oh, it's just an old song.
Oh, it's me, isn't it?
Oh, it's not so much to ask, and then I'll help you escape.
Oh, it's nothing.
Oh, it's stopped.
Oh, it's there for you, Jean-Luc.
Oh, it's you.
Oh, it's, er, I still haven't traced down the problem, Commander.
Oh, just what I need.
Oh, let me talk to them.
Oh, look, there they go.
Oh, mom.
Oh, my darling, is it?
Oh, my, he's beautiful.
Oh, my.
Oh, never mind, I'll get it.
Oh, no I fell all the time.
Oh, no problem.
Oh, no you wouldn't.
Oh, no, Counsellor!
Oh, no, Counsellor, I don't think so.
Oh, no, I don't guess you would.
Oh, no, I had a conference with Doctor Balthus.
Oh, no, I'd never let anything happen to you.
Oh, no, Oliana, it doesn't come that easily.
Oh, no, he's going to crash.
Oh, no, my dear.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no, no, that won't be necessary.
Oh, no, no, no, wait a minute.
Oh, no, no, not at all.
Oh, no, nothing of the sort.
Oh, no, of course not.
Oh, no, sir, I won't.
Oh, no, that's not it.
Oh, no, there's something's wrong here.
Oh, no, we've been hit, Captain.
Oh, no, you are not.
Oh, no, you're the senior officer here.
Oh, no?
Oh, nonsense.
Oh, not Bogrow.
Oh, now isn't that a shame?
Oh, now there is a planet.
Oh, now, I didn't, er.
Oh, of being connected, rooted.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, on the contrary, Professor, you were quite helpful.
Oh, one other thing.
Oh, one thing, Number One.
Oh, perhaps I could reconfigure these isolinear chips.
Oh, please don't let me keep up from doing your duty.
Oh, please, Mister will do fine.
Oh, please, call me Hutch.
Oh, please, no!
Oh, please, proceed.
Oh, relax, Commander.
Oh, serious.
Oh, she's fine, fine.
Oh, she's getting close.
Oh, shoot.
Oh, so now you have a Borg named Hugh.
Oh, so you announce it to every alien culture you encounter?
Oh, sure!
Oh, sure.
Oh, thank you very much for your help.
Oh, thank you very much.
Oh, that must be Commander Riker.
Oh, that was too easy.
Oh, that's Sherlock Holmes' arch enemy.
Oh, that's a shame.
Oh, that's all right, I can make enough conversation for both of us.
Oh, that's impossible.
Oh, that's perfect.
Oh, that's right.
Oh, that's splendid.
Oh, that's true.
Oh, that's wonderful.
Oh, the Homeric Hymns.
Oh, the arrogance.
Oh, the crew died.
Oh, the exocomps don't come close to Data's sophistication.
Oh, there it is.
Oh, there was one other thing.
Oh, there you are.
Oh, there's a reason for that.
Oh, there's one other thing, I noticed the shuttle was damaged.
Oh, there's too many.
Oh, theses are archaeological fragments that I've collected over the years.
Oh, they will be detained by the Vulcan authorities for the moment.
Oh, they'll negotiate, or they'll call it that.
Oh, they're already underway.
Oh, they're nearby.
Oh, they're out there.
Oh, this is a time pod, and it is from the twenty sixth century.
Oh, this is the perfect spot.
Oh, this is unfair to him.
Oh, this is, Lieutenant Castillo.
Oh, ugly.
Oh, very clever, Worf.
Oh, very good.
Oh, very well.
Oh, wait a minute.
Oh, wait, I think you don't understand.
Oh, we are us, sir, but they are also us.
Oh, we have very few.
Oh, we still carry it, Captain.
Oh, we were just discussing the situation we're all in.
Oh, well can't we just pretend it's acceptable?
Oh, well, I'm just tying up some vines.
Oh, well, actually, I was waiting until we got to the desserts.
Oh, well, he was too old for me anyway.
Oh, well, let me introduce you to some of my favourites.
Oh, well, that was over long ago.
Oh, well.
Oh, why can't I ever work this replicator?
Oh, wonderful.
Oh, yeah, when I'm afraid or I get confused or a little scared.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah?
Oh, yes they do.
Oh, yes, I have no doubt.
Oh, yes, I know all about your troubles with the Camor authorities.
Oh, yes, and now we must leave you.
Oh, yes, it's possible.
Oh, yes, of course, Number One.
Oh, yes, of course, so we are.
Oh, yes, of course.
Oh, yes, thank you.
Oh, yes, that is it.
Oh, yes, that's, that's much better.
Oh, yes, there is.
Oh, yes, very convenient.
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
Oh, yes, yes.
Oh, you are early.
Oh, you are too clever.
Oh, you bet it is.
Oh, you did more than your job.
Oh, you doubt me.
Oh, you jewel!
Oh, you just made my day.
Oh, you know Corey.
Oh, you know that one?
Oh, you mortals are so obtuse.
Oh, you must be from the Enterprise.
Oh, you needn't worry too much, dear.
Oh, you really did it this time, Will.
Oh, you really think so?
Oh, you want me to lie?
Oh, you'll love it, I promise.
Oh, you'll say yes, Mister Hill.
Oh, you'll wear yourself out with all that pacing, Milady.
Oh, you're awake.
Oh, you're fine, Keiko.
Oh, you're good.
Oh, you're so stolid, Commander.
Oh, you've changed.
Oh, your shoe.
Ohniaka Three?
Oji, I awoke in an incredible place and my wounds were gone.
Oji.
Okay Doc, we're ready.
Okay Russell, we're going to try starting retro sensor element thirty two only.
Okay not sour enough.
Okay then.
Okay!
Okay, Bev.
Okay, Brevelle's behind the camera ,Susanna and I head off in that direction.
Okay, Castillo.
Okay, Counsellor, right over there.
Okay, Data, we're going to monitor every subsystem in your positronic net.
Okay, Data.
Okay, Dix, we're cutting you loose.
Okay, Doctor.
Okay, Hansen, transfer EPS conduit thirteen to the stabiliser matrix.
Okay, I can see.
Okay, I think we're ready to begin the transfer.
Okay, I think we're ready to transport him.
Okay, I won't.
Okay, I'll notify Starfleet.
Okay, I'll think about it.
Okay, I'm going to need to access your auxiliary inputs.
Okay, I'm rerouting the propulsion system to the transporter.
Okay, I've locked in the targeting parameters.
Okay, La Forge as a modern major general.
Okay, Mom, we're ready.
Okay, Morta.
Okay, Reg.
Okay, Wesley, slow down.
Okay, Worf.
Okay, bring her over.
Okay, but you could be stunting my emotional growth, you realise that.
Okay, close to her own age.
Okay, come on.
Okay, computer, new simulation.
Okay, everybody, let's go.
Okay, fine, if I need to.
Okay, first thing we need to do is get the main computer working right.
Okay, give me a second to think.
Okay, give me another one.
Okay, great.
Okay, hang on.
Okay, here we go.
Okay, here's the action.
Okay, it's bothering me.
Okay, kids.
Okay, let's do a programme reload, port array only.
Okay, let's go.
Okay, let's realign the magnetic inducer on the starboard nacelle.
Okay, let's remove the support frame.
Okay, let's see if this cuts out his tractor beam power.
Okay, let's see what we've got.
Okay, let's work through Act two from the beginning.
Okay, levate to three point two, Marquez.
Okay, lock it off.
Okay, look.
Okay, maybe I'm getting a little crazy.
Okay, notify the away team that we're going in ahead of schedule.
Okay, now pick one of those.
Okay, open injectors.
Okay, really okay.
Okay, second best.
Okay, sir.
Okay, so what do we do?
Okay, specialist, what's our sensor status?
Okay, that's enough Data.
Okay, that's enough.
Okay, the environmental controls are ready.
Okay, the game is five card stud, nothing wild.
Okay, then let's go over the realignment procedure.
Okay, then why don't we up the stakes a little?
Okay, then, all right, let's go see Data.
Okay, they want to play rough, that's fine with me.
Okay, this ship is going to start tearing itself apart in fifteen minutes.
Okay, try it.
Okay, try that.
Okay, we can do this sitting up.
Okay, we're going to track down any possible cause of that brain pattern.
Okay, we're over the first hurdle.
Okay, we've got twenty two minutes.
Okay, well, it's good to see you, Leah.
Okay, where else?
Okay, with an admitted margin for error.
Okay, you and I will try to get there.
Okay, you hold this relay offline while I adjust these sensor circuits.
Okay, you want to play stupid?
Okay, you've got ten seconds more, Mom.
Okona is still a thief.
Okona, you are without shame.
Old Earth calendar, 2123 until 2190.
Old Tom Handy swore you'd never master that.
Old Watosh'll scuffle along the best way he can.
Old friends.
Old girlfriends we'll never meet again.
Old habits.
Old men like me will not be able to hold on to ancient prejudice and hostility.
Old superstitions.
Old things?
Oliana.
Omicron omicron alpha yellow daystar two seven.
Omnipotent again.
On Camor, something has value if you can eat it or sell it.
On Kabatris I had to wear furs to meet the leadership council.
On Ohniaka Three, I was forced to kill a Borg.
On Risa, where we met.
On Risa?
On Thalos Seven they age the beans four hundred years.
On a Borg ship we live with the thoughts of the others in our minds.
On a Starfleet vessel?
On a count of three.
On a molecular genetic level?
On a personal note, I have allowed myself the luxury of a head start.
On a serious basis.
On a straight line to the cosmic string.
On behalf of all Ferengi, I protest.
On both of you.
On clothes.
On consoles, in a poker game.
On course for orbital intercept of Tin Man, ETA eighteen minutes.
On fire.
On hers, sir.
On his first voyage as DaiMon.
On many worlds we've been to, they are isolated, treated as pariahs.
On most, there are brief sections which may yield some information.
On my command.
On my mark, four minutes.
On my mark, point seven five burst.
On my monitor, Lieutenant.
On my order, Mister Data, Mister La Forge.
On my orders, not before.
On my sensor controls.
On my ship, the leader of an away team has total control of the mission.
On my signal, energise.
On my way, Chief.
On my way, Doctor.
On other worlds it would not be an issue.
On our last stop.
On our way, Captain.
On our world these feelings are forbidden.
On screen at this station.
On screen, Lieutenant.
On screen, Mister Data.
On screen, before we lose contact.
On screen, sir.
On someone's orders?
On speaker.
On special occasions.
On that day, it is we who will be lucky.
On that matter there can be no argument.
On that same heading, sir.
On that subject Mother, there is such a thing as too much honesty with humans.
On the Enterprise, Mister Crusher, nothing just happens.
On the Enterprise, our condition is rapidly worsening.
On the Enterprise?
On the Homeworld.
On the Klingon Home World your name is not mentioned.
On the board.
On the contrary, I am pursuing the most logical course.
On the contrary, I find you obvious and vulgar.
On the contrary, I had servants and tutors at my side constantly.
On the contrary, I think this is very different.
On the contrary, I'm counting on it.
On the contrary, I've respected your world's commitment to pure research.
On the contrary, Lieutenant Worf.
On the contrary, Lieutenant.
On the contrary, all too often.
On the contrary, dear colleague.
On the contrary, it is a strength.
On the contrary, it is very much Starfleet's concern.
On the contrary, you have been a great deal of help.
On the edge of the Neutral Zone?
On the floor!
On the holodeck we've made that legend come true.
On the house.
On the nose.
On the other hand, I remember everything about the time I got my first pet.
On the other hand, maybe leaving it alone would be the wrong thing to do.
On the other hand, sometimes they follow through.
On the other hand, they may believe your fantastic story.
On the other hand, we could look for deeper cover.
On the same side.
On the shuttle, there is a lot of equipment that will have survived the crash.
On the surface.
On the viewer, Captain!
On the viewer, Captain.
On this latest incident.
On this one issue.
On this particular occasion I represent the Chrysalians.
On this ship, I give the command to fire, Major.
On this ship, you are my commander, and I obey.
On top of everything, there's been a change.
On two separate occasions settlers sought refuge in caves.
On viewer, Mister Worf.
On viewscreen.
On what authority?
On what basis, Admiral, am I to decide?
On what basis?
On what charge?
On what do you base that assumption?
On what grounds?
On what?
On whether or not it has something to do with the Tox Uthat.
On your command, Captain.
On your command.
On your feet, Lieutenant.
On your hands, clothes.
On your mark.
On your old one, the zelebium contacts that wore down and then fused.
On your panel?
On your ship.
On your way, Yranac.
Once I have adjusted the forcefield, I will no longer be visible, Commander.
Once I heard, well, I just wanted to stop by just the same.
Once I initiate the warp cascade we can start dropping the gain.
Once Jev spent two days with a contingent of elderly Gentons.
Once Picard makes his decision, does anyone question it?
Once a cop always a cop, I guess.
Once again he had made it in his own image.
Once again, welcome on board, Captain.
Once and for all!
Once as I realised it was a trick question, there was only one answer.
Once before you said double.
Once he took the compound there was no way to stop it.
Once he was wired into the Borg, they knew everything that he knew.
Once inside, we may be able to use the engines to create a static warp shell.
Once it's activated, it can't be shut down.
Once it's out of our people.
Once it's out of the experimental stage, there'll be plenty of applications.
Once more time.
Once more, for old time's sake?
Once our freighters are fixed, everything'll be back to normal.
Once she's settled down, she starts hearing lots voices all jumbled up.
Once that attempt is concluded, win or lose, your programme has run its course.
Once the envoy has briefed you, I think you will understand our caution.
Once the exocomp is this badly corrupted, it's useless.
Once the expansion is complete, you and your crew will be rewarded.
Once the forcefield is down, they could beam us back to the surface.
Once the medical supplies had run out, she had to use what was at hand.
Once there were millions of them.
Once there, it will kill him by dampening neural impulses.
Once they are in place, I will destroy the existing brain cells.
Once they did.
Once they finally procreate, they die.
Once they're gone, everything will be right.
Once this Maddox has got control of Data, anything could happen.
Once unleashed, the unit is invincible.
Once we cleared the moon, Mister Locarno led us into a Yeager loop.
Once we realised the level of destruction, we knew it could not have been you.
Once we restore the servo link, you can shunt the database up to this console.
Once we saw you were real, we knew.
Once we verify the purity of your ore, we'll beam over the gel.
Once we're out, the shuttlepod will emit an emergency beacon.
Once we're past the first two levels, we'll begin the encoding sequence.
Once you became accustomed to that power, Number One.
Once you get to Rekag-Seronia, you can conduct your negotiations as you see fit.
Once you're dead, what happens to me doesn't matter.
Once you're there you have a marvellous time.
Once you've found that artefact, kill him.
Once you've mastered using them, we can move on to the implants.
Once your father insisted we take you on the ritual hunt.
Once, I found a nest.
Once?
One Bridge!
One Klingon bird of prey off the starboard bow.
One Riker, one Bridge!
One Samarian Sunset, made in the traditional style.
One William Riker is unique, perhaps even special.
One a Ferengi, the other Cardassian.
One at a time.
One at conn.
One atom out of place and poof!
One aye is sufficient acknowledgment, Ensign.
One called Mozart, who as a small child wrote astonishing symphonies.
One can always laugh in the bath.
One can begin to reshape the landscape with a single flower, Captain.
One can never anticipate the Calamarain.
One can see the importance of honour here.
One can swim in moonlight?
One cannot deny human nature.
One could almost say I am preoccupied.
One could get the feeling they don't exactly trust us.
One creature's torment, is another creature's delight.
One curious thing, however, you refused to let him beam down to Altair Three.
One day you'll grow up to be a big, strong man.
One day, he will be a great warrior.
One day, perhaps he shall.
One day.
One dead on arrival.
One didn't make it.
One does not patronise a Klingon warrior.
One double sweet.
One down there in grief and pain, the other up here, filled with anger.
One electron circles one proton.
One enemy target destroyed, sir.
One enemy target hit, sir.
One especially suited to your talents.
One fact is clear, however.
One faithful harp shall praise thee.
One fifty seven over standard.
One final request, sir.
One for him and only him.
One for the computer core and one for the Bridge.
One four three mark zero one two.
One further thing.
One generation passing on the responsibilities of life to the next.
One great blast and the crowd rises.
One hour forty three minutes until primary brain dysfunction.
One hour recess is granted.
One hour, darling.
One hour, seventeen minutes, sir.
One hour.
One hour?
One hundred metres at best with any accuracy.
One hundred seventy two years, sir.
One hundred thirty seven years, Admiral, according to Starfleet records.
One hundred thirty seven.
One hundred twenty five.
One hundred twenty three days.
One is an infant.
One is meant kindly, the other is not.
One is my name.
One is tall.
One juice.
One jumps off a cliff, they all jump off?
One kilometre forty six metres.
One kind of violence is being substituted for another.
One kiss and you're off to find somebody else.
One life sign aboard, sir.
One look at you, sir, is proof that anything is possible.
One lucky shot by a Romulan, we'd lose you both.
One man against an entire castle.
One man seems to shuffle and stumble in an irregular pattern.
One man's idea of paradise.
One might also conclude that it brings me one step closer to being human.
One might as well ask the river not to run.
One might say agog.
One million kilometres away.
One millisecond after its detonation, the computer will trigger your warp jump.
One minute I'm on the Enterprise, the next thing I know I'm here in Nottingham.
One minute beyond that and you'll answer for it with your life.
One minute should do it.
One minute thirty seconds to intercept.
One minute to auto-destruct.
One minute to launch.
One minute twenty two seconds.
One minute, thirty seconds to life support failure.
One minute, twenty eight seconds.
One minute.
One moment violent beyond description, the next tender.
One moment, Doctor.
One moment, Lieutenant.
One moment, Mister Data.
One moment, if you would.
One moment, please.
One moment.
One more ain't going to make much of a difference.
One more burst should do it.
One more contraction.
One more hand.
One more hit and they'll collapse.
One more round.
One more ship will make no difference in the here and now.
One more thing, Macet.
One more thing, Riker.
One more thing.
One more.
One morning in class, he appeared, bleeding and in ripped clothes.
One must be cautious of long-term commitments, Wesley.
One night goes by, two, a week, ten days.
One night, when I was four years old, she came to me.
One ninety.
One o'clock on a Thursday.
One of energy and one of matter.
One of its kind.
One of my favourites is this menellen tree.
One of my favourites.
One of my officers was almost killed.
One of my officers, one of my friends, was troubled.
One of our operatives was able to arrange their escape.
One of our people is missing.
One of our starships under your control?
One of the Ferengi.
One of the advantages of being an Admiral is you get to choose your own ship.
One of the artefacts.
One of the attackers dropped this dagger.
One of the boys with an IQ of two thousand and five.
One of the contenders used an illegal T'gha manoeuvre against me.
One of the finest officers that I have ever served with.
One of the inducers has failed.
One of the little ironies of life, Captain.
One of the most ancient formations in the galaxy.
One of the most spectacular and difficult demonstrations of precision flying.
One of the other scientists made sure no one could get in.
One of the patients said that, yes, sir, but the police deny it.
One of the root metaphors of our own culture.
One of the saddest duties I've ever had to perform is now ahead of me.
One of the scrolls is gone.
One of the signals was, I don't know, familiar somehow.
One of the stages must still be out of alignment.
One of the symbols was death.
One of the torpedoes has veered off course.
One of the warp plasma vents has failed.
One of the wisest men I ever knew.
One of the women threw me a phaser, and I fired.
One of the workmen pointed to her right shoulder.
One of their ships is moving off the blockade line.
One of their ships must already be en route.
One of them actually spoke to us.
One of them can communicate with me.
One of them dies.
One of them had to continue disrupting the particle stream.
One of them has to be responsible for sabotaging the first test.
One of them may be Geordi.
One of them may be concealing an E-band transmitter.
One of them took out a weapon and fired.
One of them, a message sent in your name, ordering them to stay where they are.
One of these two logs is a forgery, sir.
One of these.
One of us could beam into the Bridge.
One of us has to get out of here.
One of us is hungry.
One of you is going to die, and you, Doctor, get to choose.
One of your allies?
One of your days.
One oh four.
One only.
One or both?
One or zero.
One other thing.
One other.
One person might be able to make it.
One person.
One photon torpedo ought to do it.
One photon torpedo would have ended their war.
One point five kilometres.
One point four.
One point one eight.
One point seven million Kelvins.
One point three kilometres.
One point three kilos Bioplast sheeting.
One point two.
One propeller, Captain?
One quarter impulse, engage.
One question answered.
One regarding the relationships between time and gravity was quite intriguing.
One second I was talking to you, and the next you were all standing around me.
One set of footfalls are widely spaced.
One seven oh one D.
One ship from each side.
One so big it's overwhelming him.
One so different it has twin moons?
One step at a time, just climbing steadily and slowly.
One step closer and I'll scream!
One sure way into the record books, Doctor.
One survivor.
One sword at least thy rights shall guard.
One takes what jobs he can get.
One that I think we should take seriously.
One that Starfleet couldn't offer.
One that hasn't been recorded before.
One that is kept stored in Sickbay.
One that offered you more than you could have dreamed.
One that questions your convictions.
One that we didn't intend to create and that we don't fully understand.
One that you couldn't offer.
One the Romulans are already familiar with.
One thing I don't understand.
One thing before we go.
One thing is clear.
One thing more, Picard.
One thing that Kosinski isn't hiding, his bad disposition.
One thing that is certain, however.
One thing we don't want to hear is that it is impossible.
One thing's for sure, I won't be getting it.
One thirty seven.
One thousand and fourteen, including your guest, Doctor Quaice.
One thousand fourteen.
One time when I thought I was going to die, I asked you to watch over Alexander.
One to beam aboard the T'Ong.
One to beam aboard.
One to beam back.
One to beam down to away team location.
One to beam to the Enterprise-C.
One to beam up.
One to one.
One two three.
One was to make you an enemy.
One way or another, it's going to come down to you and me.
One way or the other, La Forge, Picard lost control of this ship.
One way trip.
One we were studying before the trouble began.
One where you wouldn't know the outcome.
One which I have just created for romantic relationships.
One which commands respect and projects thoughtfulness and dignity.
One which will solve our problem and give something back to the Federation.
One who was less arrogant, and undisciplined as a youth.
One who was less like me.
One wonders how you can sleep at night, having caused so much destruction.
One wonders that it's still practiced.
One word misspoken or misunderstood.
One world's butcher is another world's hero.
One would assume they would be aware of the weakness and repair it.
One's available?
One's just about your age.
One, set warp to nine.
One, sir.
One, two.
One?
Onegaishimasu.
Ongoing scanning indicates progressive weapons potential.
Only Ambassador Tomalak.
Only K'mpec, the head of the Council, has been able to maintain the peace.
Only Korgano can do that, and he's not here.
Only Korgano can talk to Masaka.
Only Masaka can hurt me.
Only Tin Man speaks to me now.
Only a few more metres.
Only a hopeful, like you.
Only a layer of dust.
Only a vague impression of some of my functions being tested here.
Only an advanced technological society could have built that object out there.
Only an artificial life form could have done that.
Only because I have a bow.
Only because he was written like that.
Only because their world was the first on this heading to Parliament.
Only because you forced us into it.
Only briefly.
Only commissioned officers.
Only eight were willing to consider evacuation.
Only escape.
Only five of the colonists survived.
Only fools have no fear.
Only four today?
Only from his writings.
Only he can stop her.
Only hearsay and third hand reports, most of which conflict.
Only if all command officers agreed it vital to do so.
Only if you let me see my people on the shuttle first.
Only if you will talk to us.
Only if you're ready.
Only it didn't work, and Joshua Albert paid the price.
Only kind I know.
Only let's not have any more surprises till I'm done, okay?
Only life can replicate itself, Doctor.
Only low level particle phasers.
Only minimal damage.
Only my pleasant nature makes it appear otherwise.
Only my pride, Data.
Only now, I'm out here in space, and there's no place to run.
Only one hundred seven kilometres long.
Only one of them survived.
Only one of us is at the correct time continuum.
Only one punishment for any crime.
Only one race uses that device, sir.
Only so you'd think about it, completely and clearly.
Only sometimes my body has a problem conforming to my mind's wishes.
Only that he is an outsider who has often challenged the Council.
Only that he should be left alone.
Only that if I were you, I'd start back now.
Only that it is the difference between night and day.
Only that time, I flattened out when I should have tucked.
Only that we seem to have more than one mystery here.
Only that your computer here fixed about the best martini I have ever had.
Only the Q can do that.
Only the outer casing was incinerated.
Only the power of thought could explain what has been happening.
Only the victim had the required expertise.
Only then can you find what you are looking for.
Only thirty two points.
Only this time we'll rig the table so his device'll backfire on him.
Only time, sir.
Only to Worf!
Only to avoid confusion, mother.
Only to help you and Rishon.
Only to me.
Only to say that she was lucky to have escaped.
Only to see if it is still possible.
Only to students of archaeology such as myself.
Only too well.
Only twenty-one percent of the time does he rely upon traditional tactics.
Only two lines.
Only two or three.
Only two people on board know enough about Data to do something like this.
Only what you tell me.
Only when my way makes sense, Captain.
Only when the spirit moves me.
Only with each other, not other species.
Only with his help can we revive the pure warriors within ourselves.
Only with long term exposure, sir.
Only you can decide that.
Only you could have noticed something like that.
Only you need know his true bloodline.
Only you would get this excited over a walking calculator.
Oo-mox is only the beginning.
Oo-mox?
Ooo, somebody's birthday?
Open a channel back here to Doctor Ja'Dar.
Open a channel to the Devoras.
Open a channel to the Excalibur.
Open a channel to the Reklar.
Open a channel to the Sutherland.
Open a channel to the Tamarian ship.
Open a channel to the warship.
Open a channel, Mister Data.
Open a channel, Mister Worf, and prepare to fire at target one.
Open a frequency to Colony Operations.
Open a frequency.
Open a hailing frequency, Data.
Open a secure channel to Admiral Nechayev.
Open fire, all weapons.
Open fire.
Open frequencies.
Open hailing freq.
Open hailing frequencies, Geordi.
Open hailing frequencies.
Open it.
Open shuttlebay doors.
Open the door!
Open the door.
Open the frequency.
Open their eyes, educate them.
Open to suggestions, thoughtful, quite disarming.
Open your eyes and let the dream take flight.
Open your eyes, Krola.
Open your eyes.
Open your heart to Kahless.
Open your heart.
Open your mind to the past.
Opened a channel.
Opening my eyes.
Operating at ninety three percent, sir.
Operating together.
Operations Officer, Lieutenant Commander Data.
Opinion, Counsellor.
Opinions please.
Opinions?
Oppido bonum.
Opportunities that will present themselves only if you come to power.
Ops is a very different challenge from Tactical.
Ops will continue to monitor long range sensors.
Ops.
Optimal firing range in fifty five seconds.
Option one is beginning to sound better.
Options, Mister Worf?
Options, Number One?
Or Beverly.
Or I will have you put to death.
Or Klingon.
Or Lore?
Or a first date.
Or a first one, for that matter.
Or a lover, perhaps?
Or a probe.
Or a year?
Or against you personally?
Or all of you.
Or an incredibly powerful forcefield.
Or anything else, for that matter.
Or anywhere else along the Neutral Zone.
Or are you a lo'Be Vos?
Or are you going to stand there while our ship is destroyed, Captain?
Or are you really talking about playing it safe?
Or are you upset because your prisoner has not returned?
Or at least Q's recreation of it.
Or at least try.
Or at least what fields you're not interested in.
Or at least what's left of one.
Or be cloaked again.
Or can you only communicate by threatening a small child?
Or could he be lying?
Or days, depending on your cooperation.
Or did we step from one Bridge onto another Bridge?
Or did you simply react out of instinct?
Or did you think I was gone?
Or disappear back where you came from.
Or do we exist for no reason but to exist?
Or do you cast off your ignorance and allow me to continue?
Or do you intend to disobey Federation orders?
Or do you just tell it to your Captain?
Or do you prefer the rank of prisoner to that of Lieutenant?
Or do you see this as the beginning of it?
Or do you still have duties to perform?
Or do you still insist it's just a toy?
Or do you use it to give your side an advantage.
Or don't you remember?
Or economic forecasts.
Or even a friend's.
Or even slow us down.
Or even something we ingested.
Or fear.
Or had her appearance surgically altered.
Or he failed the Picard somehow and was hiding from him.
Or he may have nothing to do with it at all.
Or he'll be shrieking by the count of five.
Or how to kill it.
Or if they need to recharge?
Or in your case, being a mechanical man, a dismantlement dream.
Or interfere in any way until I arrive.
Or is it Lore pretending to be Data and faking it all?
Or is it about to attack me?
Or is it?
Or is loath to speak them.
Or is that an incorrect assumption?
Or is this simply a test of my ability to handle a no-win situation?
Or is this where we both are right now?
Or is your brain still stuck in its long slumber?
Or it could be part of a very carefully laid trap.
Or it may be out there waiting for us.
Or just yours?
Or maybe it was the falling rocks.
Or maybe it's my limited mind.
Or maybe that's not the end of it.
Or maybe there was an Ardra of some sort who is the basis of this mythology.
Or maybe we're not checking for the right thing.
Or men of limited intellect.
Or millions?
Or more than we should seek after.
Or more.
Or more?
Or on the Traveller, on his well being.
Or perhaps it is more a matter of seeing something in your double.
Or perhaps it's Cyrus Redblock.
Or perhaps it's too adult a puzzle for you.
Or perhaps someone just wanted it to look that way.
Or perhaps to start one.
Or perhaps we should be afraid.
Or perhaps with their knowledge.
Or perhaps you come from the security forces to watch the intercessor's office.
Or perhaps your entire galaxy.
Or possibly my brother?
Or shall we end this charade?
Or she was killed and the murderer hid her remains.
Or should I call you Lieutenant?
Or should I say, John Little.
Or so they say.
Or something he was going to do in the future.
Or sometimes brought about by senility.
Or speculation?
Or the away team's tricorders.
Or the dimensional jump.
Or the emotions that they produce.
Or the knowledge of hundreds of millions of life forms of every kind?
Or the leaders of Fendaus Five, who were without limbs.
Or the most dangerous.
Or the planet.
Or there is another possibility, Counsellor.
Or these aren't the remains of the Ambassador.
Or they might simply be another victim.
Or this one?
Or thou mayst call me that.
Or to the gardens of Les Eyries near the village where you grew up.
Or trusted.
Or use one of their sleeves, I don't care.
Or used as a means of weighing information before reaching a conclusion.
Or was he on some diplomatic mission to Betazed?
Or was it humility?
Or what happened to the Yamato could happen to us.
Or whatever you want to call it, Data.
Or when hunting.
Or when one of them hits us.
Or without someone seeing him.
Or words to that effect.
Or worse?
Or would you rather tell her about this, Wes?
Or you could have been intimidated.
Or, if you wish, you can stay here with us.
Or, stated more correctly, I wanted you to see me.
Orbit established, Commander.
Orbiting Haven with the Tarellian vessel locked in our tractor beam.
Orcho lok resnik.
Order a man to hand his child over to the state?
Order the Lieutenant to come about and stand to.
Order the fleet back to Romulan territory.
Order your ship to disengage.
Orders and briefings, destination and heading, all that.
Orders are orders, Mister Crusher.
Orders have to be obeyed without question or lives may be lost.
Orders we can't ignore.
Orders which we can't even verify.
Orders?
Origin point of the message confirmed, sir.
Origin.
Origin?
Originally from the aquatic city New Martim Vaz in Earth's Atlantic Ocean.
Ornara became technologically sophisticated, Brekka did not.
Orta and his people will be aboard.
Orta?
Orton is not as calm as he looks.
Orton may be improvising.
Orton, I think we need to discuss the situation.
Orton, now!
Osmotic pressure still rising.
Other Klingons feel like laughing.
Other Klingons will not accept me for what I am.
Other accounts were comparable.
Other children you played with?
Other comments?
Other evidence lends credence to that theory, Captain.
Other opinions?
Other people?
Other realties are emerging into our own.
Other than the Enterprise's regular complement, I can find no one else onboard.
Other voices?
Others are confused.
Others couldn't care less.
Others may be at risk.
Others prefer a lot of energy.
Others simply shut themselves down.
Others started your work, others will finish it.
Others take their place.
Others will repel them.
Otherwise I think she weathered it quite nicely.
Otherwise fully armed.
Otherwise she's in a desperate situation and she's got nowhere to turn.
Otherwise their course and speed have been constant.
Otherwise you wouldn't be second in command of this starship.
Otherwise, I will have to relieve you from duty.
Otherwise, how can we learn?
Otherwise, it would be able to break through the outer body shell of the parent.
Otherwise, it's no fun.
Otherwise, very little to clarify the situation.
Otherwise, why would they be so circumspect?
Oui, au fond, nous sommes tous Parisiens.
Oui, mon chou.
Our Captain is undoubtedly an accomplished diplomat.
Our Captain wants his junior officers to learn, learn, learn.
Our Chief Engineer is working on ways to reinforce our tractor beam.
Our Chief Engineer will beam over to help you.
Our Chief Engineer, Geordi La Forge.
Our Chief Security Officer is Klingon.
Our Data has said the same thing.
Our Klingon friend is a perfect example of what I was trying to tell you.
Our Mister Data will transmit that signature to you now.
Our Sickbay is at your disposal, Doctor.
Our adversary, my dear Watson, is none other than Professor Moriarty himself.
Our alliance is the only thing that has kept them in check.
Our allies on the Council backed Toral's claim.
Our altitude is one hundred fifty thousand kilometres.
Our analysis turned up some startling results.
Our ancestors came from Earth to develop a perfect society.
Our ancestors must have lived there.
Our ancestors were lucky to find any place to land.
Our anniversary is next week.
Our answer lies out there.
Our apologies, sir.
Our apologies.
Our arrangements were made with Major Rakal.
Our arrival seems to have startled you.
Our attack?
Our attempt to place you in biochemical stasis has failed.
Our attempt to transport Captain Picard back to the ship has failed.
Our attempt to transport the chair never occurred.
Our attention now turns to matters of a more festive nature.
Our being here is proof enough.
Our beloved father.
Our best evidence indicates they destroyed themselves.
Our biggest hurdle is sensor availability.
Our biosensors are useless.
Our bodies have been violated, changed.
Our boy was in trouble.
Our brother made many mistakes.
Our captain against theirs.
Our captain needs a vacation.
Our captors have placed us here and have devised obstacles for us to overcome.
Our captors haven't mistreated us.
Our captors refuse to show themselves.
Our cargo, Captain.
Our cells have developed rhythms based on a twenty-four hour period.
Our cellular structures appear to be coalescing, reverting to earlier forms.
Our child.
Our children are not for sale at any price.
Our choice is clear.
Our choices determine which outcomes will follow.
Our chronicle has been maintained for seventeen generations.
Our chronicle.
Our climate is changing.
Our cloak isn't functioning.
Our cloaking device is still engaged.
Our cloaking device may be off, but our shield is operating.
Our comm.
Our communications have been blocked by the nebula, Reittan.
Our comparisons show it to be completely accurate.
Our computer banks are non-negotiable.
Our computer may also be vulnerable.
Our computer was too slow to compensate for the overload on the Array.
Our computer would detect that.
Our concern is the present, the possible threat.
Our concerns are much more important than the condition of your engines.
Our condition is no concern of yours, Enterprise shuttle.
Our consciousness has been trapped on this moon for two centuries.
Our coordinates have been transmitted to the Klingon command, sir.
Our core fragment is going to pass by Moab Four in six days.
Our culture is rooted in the past, but it's not limited to the past.
Our delays are your delays.
Our destination is New Vertiform City.
Our destination is a point near the Boradis system.
Our destination is the Endicor system.
Our destination, the class M Beta Cassius planet known simply as Haven.
Our destiny awaits.
Our destiny is elsewhere.
Our destroying ourselves won't change its mind, Captain.
Our discovery of the freighter was unexpected.
Our edge.
Our efforts to reach a compromise have failed.
Our efforts with the Prytt just ran into a wall.
Our emergency teams are on board your ship.
Our engines are new, sir.
Our entire molecular structure altered so that we don't have any substance.
Our environment is sealed.
Our eyes are very sensitive to bright light.
Our families.
Our family name will be disgraced for seven generations.
Our family.
Our fiftieth.
Our first attempt.
Our first move will be shut down the engines.
Our first priority is getting back control of the ship.
Our flight path is changing.
Our foetuses are incubated in fibrous husks, which the parents inseminate.
Our food has much more taste to it.
Our forces in the Mempa sector are now in full retreat.
Our forces will be on Vulcan before you can alert anyone.
Our friend is back.
Our friends are suffering only a few metres away, yet you block our path.
Our future is honour.
Our goal here is to establish some kind of relations with the Romulans.
Our good friends.
Our gravitational field has been affected.
Our great-grandparents were citizens of the Federation.
Our guest quarters are very modest.
Our guests will be leaving shortly.
Our hail may come as a quite surprise to them.
Our help was not deliberate.
Our honour and prestige are at stake.
Our hope is to surprise whatever that is out there, try and outrun it.
Our hull stress is already critical.
Our impulse engines are surging now.
Our inability to bear children is a genetic dysfunction.
Our initial conclusion was based on our observations of the crew.
Our instincts will lead us.
Our instruments say we've just now beamed back from our rescue mission.
Our intentions have not changed, Endar.
Our involvement in Federation illegality is not indicated.
Our job is not to police the galaxy.
Our journey is already blessed.
Our judgment is final.
Our last readings indicate the craft exploded due to extreme shearing stress.
Our latest readings would suggest that we begin our scan around our crash site.
Our law, our peace, our tranquillity and order.
Our laws have been violated.
Our leaders have failed us.
Our library is far too sophisticated for a man to comprehend.
Our life was happy and rich.
Our linkup signal cannot penetrate them.
Our lives touched in an unusual way.
Our long conflict is finally over.
Our mediator is very self assured.
Our medicine.
Our memorial service may have been premature.
Our mission is part of a highly coordinated effort to put an end to the war.
Our mission is to go forward, and it's just begun.
Our mission is to resupply the outpost and repair their malfunctioning reactor.
Our mission to map the Zeta Gelis star cluster is proceeding on schedule.
Our mistake.
Our momentum is still carrying us into the path of the stellar matter.
Our money!
Our natural state is one unlike anything you can imagine.
Our new captain doesn't waste time.
Our new sensor readings have greatly improved our understanding of the rift.
Our next actions will have serious repercussions.
Our next assignment is on this heading?
Our next objective should prove an interesting challenge.
Our only chance was to trick them into lowering their shields.
Our only influence, Minister, is by example.
Our operative provided them with a detailed map and instructions on where to go.
Our operatives control almost the whole village.
Our options have not changed.
Our options?
Our orders are to penetrate the Celtris Three installation.
Our orders are to proceed to this star, Beta Stromgren.
Our orders are transportation only, no interference.
Our orders specifically require us to maintain radio silence.
Our orders were to find him, to bring him back to the camps any way we could.
Our original analysis was incomplete.
Our own ignorance could kill us.
Our own probe has already shown us your trickery, human.
Our own shields caused the increases in the wavefronts, sir.
Our own transporter people have tried to trace it, sir, but to no effect.
Our own way out of here, you've succeeded, Captain.
Our parents were killed in some crossfire just after I was born.
Our passengers are on their feet.
Our patient efforts to silence revolutionary voices have failed.
Our patterns were lost in a transporter malfunction.
Our peace is built on that.
Our people are becoming decadent and corrupt.
Our people do.
Our people will want to know you.
Our personal exploration of the galaxy.
Our plan for them worked out well.
Our plan has collapsed.
Our plan?
Our planet is already being affected.
Our planet is in desperate need, Captain.
Our positions necessitate a degree of professional detachment.
Our precepts have been handed down from long ago.
Our preliminary data suggests it is still capable of supporting life.
Our presence at this place at this moment in time could be a part of that fate.
Our presence in the Neutral Zone is provocative.
Our present is serving this ship.
Our present position puts us at over a billion light years from our galaxy.
Our primary concern is not to assign blame, but to recover our missing officers.
Our priority here is the recovery of the Fleming.
Our priority is to stop the aliens from any more incursions to Earth.
Our probe clearly established the planet could not support life.
Our probe is approaching the planet, sir.
Our probes indicate you were aware of our approach, yet took no action.
Our projected survival would be approximately twelve seconds.
Our proudest achievement.
Our readings are quite clear about it.
Our readings show no evidence of any, Commander.
Our readings were incorrect.
Our reality may be very much like theirs.
Our reality?
Our records didn't show you listed as a member of the crew.
Our records show that you supervised all Bandi contact with other worlds.
Our relationship.
Our rendezvous with the supply ship Biko has proceeded as planned.
Our replicators do not do justice to Klingon Warnog.
Our reports list it as presently uninhabited.
Our research here is limited to human genetics.
Our retirement.
Our roles are reversed, aren't they, Data?
Our rules are simple.
Our safety?
Our scanners are calibrated for Romulan brain patterns.
Our scanners cannot penetrate the plasma streamer's distortion field.
Our scans had indicated no weapons or traps of any kind.
Our scans have shown a lot of subspace instabilities throughout the sector.
Our scans show the caverns are unstable.
Our scientists say it's due to radiation buildup in the accretion disk.
Our scientists would have known.
Our seer died when the storms first came.
Our sensor array is useless.
Our sensor show no signs of life forms, virtually no vegetation.
Our sensor signals seem to just bounce off.
Our sensors are not fully penetrating whatever the debris is.
Our sensors are picking up deep EM readings.
Our sensors are unable to determine status of the Cardassian defensive systems.
Our sensors can identify artificial lifeforms, sir.
Our sensors cannot track them, sir.
Our sensors couldn't penetrate it.
Our sensors detected a temporal distortion.
Our sensors do not penetrate the hull.
Our sensors do show some passages, sir.
Our sensors have detected a brief energy fluctuation in the E-band.
Our sensors have picked up Klingon warships in this sector, Captain.
Our sensors indicate no life forms.
Our sensors indicate that you're carrying magnesite ore.
Our sensors indicate your ship has a warp core breach in progress.
Our sensors were never designed to detect theta flux distortions.
Our shield has confused outsiders for millennia, Captain.
Our shields are minimal.
Our shields are still holding.
Our shields are still inoperable.
Our shields are weakening.
Our shields around the Romulan scout ship.
Our shields have collapsed.
Our shields have failed.
Our shields now only have sixty three seconds of power left before lowering.
Our shields were up.
Our shields will not withstand another assault.
Our ship encountered a species who appears to be threatening 19th century Earth.
Our ship has been commandeered by a force of unknown size and intent.
Our ship is the Mondor.
Our ship's power systems are failing.
Our ship's stores contain a coil of the proper type.
Our ships have taken up position in the Hugora Nebula to wait for them.
Our situation has become critical.
Our situation is deteriorating.
Our situation is similar to theirs.
Our ski instructor has us scheduled for the Denubian Alps, sir.
Our ski trip.
Our skills are not dissimilar, Commander.
Our sources would have informed us instantly if that had happened.
Our species is telepathically linked.
Our speed is down by twenty two percent.
Our speed is now warp seven point three and holding.
Our speed is still dropping.
Our speed is warp six, ETA thirteen hundred hours.
Our stories are not told, our songs are not sung.
Our structural integrity field is holding.
Our stun field had no effect on him.
Our style of complete honesty frightens them.
Our supplies won't last forever.
Our survey of this protostar is complete.
Our survival depends on knowing.
Our systems are beginning to function normally again.
Our systems came back online a few minutes ago.
Our tachyon pulse has been unable to completely penetrate the anomaly.
Our task complete, we are heading back to Gravesworld with great dispatch.
Our team wasn't supposed to win.
Our technology is limited.
Our temporary repairs have failed.
Our tests would have shown that.
Our theory is this.
Our thinking exactly.
Our time in this universe is finite.
Our top priority is to salvage the ship, Commander.
Our top speed is warp three.
Our tricorder readings found no trace after the incident.
Our troops are under attack.
Our troops were successful in spite of your refusal to help me.
Our two worlds need each other.
Our ultimate achievement.
Our understanding of Romulan technology is still limited.
Our values require us to face that possibility.
Our vehicle classification index can put no identity to it.
Our velocity has fallen by twelve percent.
Our velocity is holding steady at warp nine point three.
Our velocity is only nine point five, sir.
Our very presence may have damaged, even destroyed, their way of life.
Our voices.
Our warp drive, our sensors, our communications systems were all disabled.
Our ways?
Our weapons are more than a match for their defences.
Our weapons would be ineffective.
Our weather control's been working perfectly for the last twenty two years.
Our weather controls and fusion systems are nearly a century old.
Our window back closes in twelve minutes.
Our world is grateful for the courtesy which you have extended us.
Our young are trapped.
Our young.
Ours, of course, differs.
Out front, I suppose.
Out here, you never know who's listening.
Out of Brink!
Out of any human's experience.
Out of bitterness and resentment, I turned to crime.
Out of my way, woman.
Out of range?
Out of the goodness of your heart.
Out with it, Jean-Luc.
Out with what?
Out, out!
Out, out, out!
Outboard of the port nacelle.
Outer and inner hulls have been breached.
Outer hull temperature exceeding design limit.
Outer perimeter at thirty two million kilometres.
Outer perimeter now at thirty point one million kilometres.
Outpost Sierra Six confirms our readings, sir.
Outposts destroyed, expansion of the Federation everywhere.
Outposts have been destroyed.
Outposts.
Outside temperature is rising rapidly.
Outstanding.
Over a full day of waiting with no response from Lutan.
Over and over?
Over here is a Jeffries tube.
Over here!
Over here, Captain.
Over here, Doctor.
Over here, quickly.
Over the head of the table.
Over to the left.
Over.
Overall exposure is less than seventy five rems.
Overall, an ordinary day.
Overcrowded and dangerous city states warred unceasingly with each other.
Overdesigned.
Overlay display with tachyon emissions.
Overload indications on Argus generator five, seven and fourteen.
Overpowered by Lilliputians.
Override authority restricted.
Override engaged.
Override protocol has been initiated.
Override the lock on Counsellor Troi's quarters!
Override them?
Overruled.
Overt sentimentality is not one of Captain Picard's failings.
Overtake him.
Overtake, warp eight.
Ow?
Owon.
P for Picard!
P'tak!
PCS?
PGO signals steady.
PICARD Bridge to Commander Riker.
PICARD Come.
PICARD Wait.
PICARD; Damaged?
PICARD; Visual.
PICARD; Walker.
PICARD; When?
PICARD; You haven't found a compatible ribosome donor?
PT.
PULASKI Andronesian encephalitis.
Pa?
Pagh, we're here to assist.
Pahk!
Pahkee.
Pahtk!
Pain again?
Pain is not a consideration.
Pain is not what matters.
Pain!
Painstiks?
Pair of deuces stands.
Pair of fours bets.
Pair of threes.
Pale face.
Pale skin, gold eyes.
Palmer is missing.
Palmer.
Pals?
Panel in the instrument array.
Panel lights.
Panel) General quarters.
Panel, the replicator.
Panel?
Panels are for official ship business.
Panic gripped the people as the time of your return grew closer.
Par Lenor of the Ferengi Trade Mission.
Paranoia, I'd say.
Pardek believes that he may be receptive to discussing reunification.
Pardek never saw these caves.
Pardek represented Romulus?
Pardek will be here shortly.
Pardek, come in.
Pardek.
Pardek?
Pardon me, Captain, I believe there's a slight conflict of interest here.
Pardon me, Madam Guinan, but it is my business too.
Pardon me, sir, but where do these tunnels come into the picture?
Pardon me, sir.
Parem shoots Ro in the leg.
Parents.
Parker, you've got Ops.
Parrises squares?
Part of being human is learning how to deal with the unexpected.
Part of deck twelve is now an aqueduct.
Part of her is very frightened.
Part of me is still there.
Part of me keeps waiting for the lights to come up and the programme to end.
Part of me longs for that time.
Part of my job is to anticipate problems.
Part of our rituals.
Part of the mystery has been solved.
Part of their collective consciousness now.
Part of this mission is diplomatic.
Part of what we do is to learn more about other species.
Part of you must have blamed me.
Part of your arm.
Parthas?
Particle accelerators at full power.
Particle beam activated.
Particle flux nominal.
Particle flux steady.
Particle gradient, four over seven.
Particularly Doctor Crusher.
Particularly men like Commander Riker.
Particularly now.
Particularly the humour.
Partly.
Parts of him disappeared and then came back.
Pass my congratulations to the rest of your team.
Pass on the ideals to a new generation.
Passenger accommodation.
Passing the tests is everything.
Passionate.
Patch him through, please.
Patch in the lateral sensor arrays.
Patch me into the navigational control of the runabout.
Patch the monitor through to the main viewer.
Patch the neural output through to that station.
Patch visual to Observation lounge.
Patched is good enough.
Patches.
Pathetic.
Patience is a human virtue, one which I am glad to see you've taken to heart.
Patience is one of our virtues, Captain.
Patrol ships moving in on our position.
Pattern acquisition Positive.
Pattern buffers synchronised.
Pattern lock established.
Pattern match found.
Pattern not recognised.
Pattern recognition, syntactic algorithms, heuristic functions, all normal.
Patterns are converging.
Patterson, do you know that one?
Patterson, you're an officer.
Paul Manheim.
Paul Menegay, a seven year old.
Paul's always been interested in time.
Paul, I will only answer your questions if you answer mine.
Pawn to Bishop Four.
Pawn to king's bishop three, Queen's level.
Pawn to queen four, King's level.
Paws off, Ferengi.
Pay no heed, Commander.
Pay off your wager.
Peace envoy, in a stolen Vulcan ship.
Peace in our galaxy.
Peace is good for trade, unless you happen to be an arms merchant.
Peace wasn't on your mind.
Peaceful, untroubled people.
Pearls were added by the Ferengi agents to increase the value.
Pegasus.
Penalty over.
Penetrable?
Penny for your thoughts.
Penny, er, do you think we could just talk for a while.
Penny?
Pentarus station, come in.
Penthar-Mul?
People are no longer obsessed with the accumulation of things.
People are scared.
People behaving strangely, others hearing sounds that aren't there.
People can be selfish, irrational, stubborn, malicious, you name it.
People do.
People don't just appear and disappear.
People feared dying.
People get married because they want to spend their lives with someone.
People got sick, they needed money.
People have surgery all the time.
People have wanted to kill me before.
People losing their minds, being tortured by doctors.
People on ships with defence shields, energy weapons, warp drives.
People said there was gunfire in here.
People say you're very old.
People see unidentified vessels in the sky that turn out to be weather balloons.
People start talking.
People starved by the millions.
People to care about.
People were hurt.
People were working all over the place.
People who are hopelessly ill.
People who were very dear to me.
People?
Peretor Karnas, there were only two of us in the meeting.
Peretor Karnas, you always were a stubborn man.
Peretor was my old title.
Perfect in every way.
Perfection in highly advanced weaponry.
Perfectly sound.
Perfectly, Commander.
Perform a level 5 diagnostic on the shuttle's power and navigational systems.
Performance?
Perhaps Captain Scott could be of use in accessing that material.
Perhaps Data's recent flash of emotion has something to do with this.
Perhaps Doctor Crusher could get you started inputting your information.
Perhaps Doctor Freud was correct.
Perhaps Duras or Gowron wishes to improve that relationship.
Perhaps Geordi can construct some new implants.
Perhaps Geordi should give them something they want.
Perhaps I am fortunate, sir, to be spared the emotional consequences.
Perhaps I am neither one.
Perhaps I am not giving you enough compliments?
Perhaps I can discover the source of the emissions.
Perhaps I can help you.
Perhaps I can visit Atrea on my next leave.
Perhaps I can walk into your world right now.
Perhaps I could serve in that capacity.
Perhaps I do.
Perhaps I have been too literal with respect to my set design.
Perhaps I have evolved to the point where emotions are within my grasp.
Perhaps I have miscounted.
Perhaps I have not made our intentions clear.
Perhaps I have not performed my duties to your satisfaction?
Perhaps I just needed a shoulder.
Perhaps I only helped you find something you already had.
Perhaps I see conspiracies everywhere.
Perhaps I shall recommend a symbolic tree in each of my communities.
Perhaps I should arrange for some other transportation back.
Perhaps I should attempt to communicate with the Enterprise.
Perhaps I should choose you.
Perhaps I should concentrate on walking first.
Perhaps I should cut back a little.
Perhaps I should escort the Doctor, sir.
Perhaps I should escort you to Sickbay.
Perhaps I should have filled your head with trivial concerns.
Perhaps I should have known that.
Perhaps I should kill you and then take the disc.
Perhaps I should let you get some rest.
Perhaps I should remain and further entertain our guest.
Perhaps I should remain in my quarters.
Perhaps I should reprogram the audience to display a more accurate response.
Perhaps I should speak to Captain Picard.
Perhaps I should stay and be joined to a new mate?
Perhaps I should talk to Lieutenant Pierce alone.
Perhaps I should tell you something about my mother's condition at this time.
Perhaps I was wrong in suspecting the exocomp was alive.
Perhaps I will bet seven hundred thousand.
Perhaps I will experience other emotions as time goes by.
Perhaps I'm not a man who should have a woman like her.
Perhaps Sickbay would be a better idea.
Perhaps a brief pause would be helpful.
Perhaps a cooling off period?
Perhaps a different level of consciousness?
Perhaps a great deal more.
Perhaps a little.
Perhaps a transporter room?
Perhaps an audience is what you need.
Perhaps an intelligence so vast it eluded me.
Perhaps another time.
Perhaps because he's hoping to expose members of your movement.
Perhaps because her aggressive methods created an adversarial situation.
Perhaps because it duplicates Earth so well.
Perhaps because this ship was scanned for individual life signs.
Perhaps being human yourself, sir, you do not find them as intriguing as I.
Perhaps dozens of them, one for every day of the week, one for every mood.
Perhaps even a cyberneticist.
Perhaps everyone just needs some time.
Perhaps four.
Perhaps give us a few upgrades.
Perhaps growth and development.
Perhaps he can help us.
Perhaps he could assist us in lifting his brother's spirits.
Perhaps he knows more about the terrorists than he's prepared to admit.
Perhaps he needs something to help restore his confidence.
Perhaps he ran away.
Perhaps he was wiser in his youth than he is now.
Perhaps her species has a perception that goes beyond linear time.
Perhaps here already.
Perhaps his emotional trauma level is too high.
Perhaps his greatest fault was that he was too selfless.
Perhaps his reunification talks were successful.
Perhaps hunger will compel you to try it again.
Perhaps if I looked for a suitable place to display it?
Perhaps if we lower the bodice?
Perhaps if you should try to narrow the search parameters.
Perhaps in a future that you cannot yet conceive, even beyond us.
Perhaps in the course of this investigation, we will.
Perhaps in the same kind of flesh and blood form.
Perhaps in the short term.
Perhaps in this case, rethinking?
Perhaps in time to prevent this from ever happening!
Perhaps it came from the node itself.
Perhaps it is a sensor malfunction.
Perhaps it is best that I do not remember.
Perhaps it is his conscience?
Perhaps it is less, perhaps more.
Perhaps it is my name.
Perhaps it is picking up the electrical impulse of our systems.
Perhaps it is scanning us.
Perhaps it is time to put your skills to the test.
Perhaps it is you, Geordi.
Perhaps it likes humans more than androids.
Perhaps it says that I do not feel like other Klingons.
Perhaps it was a little too non-relevant.
Perhaps it was filtered out by the transporter when they were beamed aboard?
Perhaps it was its way to a safe and supportive environment for its newborn.
Perhaps it was my admiration for Grandpa that got the best of me.
Perhaps it was you.
Perhaps it was, Marie.
Perhaps it was.
Perhaps it will be helpful to both of them.
Perhaps it would be best if I left him alone.
Perhaps it would be best if we settled in first.
Perhaps it would be better to discuss the situation.
Perhaps it would be prudent to find out if he'd acquired any enemies there.
Perhaps it would be wise to choose a star of lesser magnitude.
Perhaps it's a bigger moment for him than we thought.
Perhaps it's a symptom of fatigue.
Perhaps it's just how another species behaves.
Perhaps it's just that I'm getting older.
Perhaps it's perfectly normal among the Trill.
Perhaps it's time to change all that.
Perhaps it's time to cooperate with them.
Perhaps it's your imperfections which make you so unique.
Perhaps killing the Doctor would engender more feeling?
Perhaps later, Lwaxana.
Perhaps later, but it will have to be handled most delicately.
Perhaps maybe a little Hamlet?
Perhaps monitor you during a memory probe.
Perhaps more than you can handle.
Perhaps my Chief Engineer could be of assistance?
Perhaps my death will have a little dignity.
Perhaps my encounter with the Enterprise affected me more than I realised.
Perhaps my origin is unique.
Perhaps my very life.
Perhaps not, sir.
Perhaps one day I could explain all this to you later.
Perhaps one day when you're older and wiser, you'll understand.
Perhaps one day, my people will travel above the skies.
Perhaps one of them would be to your liking.
Perhaps our guests would care for some refreshments.
Perhaps our guests would like some refreshment?
Perhaps prevent one.
Perhaps referring to your gender, Doctor?
Perhaps reports were incorrect, sir.
Perhaps seeing this will help him understand.
Perhaps she has not fully analysed her decision.
Perhaps she will look it up.
Perhaps so.
Perhaps some answers at last.
Perhaps some day I will marry.
Perhaps some of you will choose to pursue a career in Starfleet.
Perhaps some of your rokeg blood pie.
Perhaps some other time, Commander.
Perhaps some people could be evacuated.
Perhaps some sort of nourishment.
Perhaps somehow that saline water sustained them.
Perhaps someone else would care to try?
Perhaps someone is using you to get to me.
Perhaps someone to answer your questions, Number One.
Perhaps someone wanted to draw us into the conflict.
Perhaps someone witnessed Alexander's abduction.
Perhaps something extraordinary happened to one of them, but not to all of them.
Perhaps something occurred during transport, Commander.
Perhaps something you have in common.
Perhaps that doesn't matter.
Perhaps that is a part of our difficulty.
Perhaps that is a trait we share.
Perhaps that is exactly what we should do.
Perhaps that will be enough.
Perhaps that will shed some light on the matter.
Perhaps that would be best.
Perhaps that would explain why our sensors did not detect him.
Perhaps that's part of their charm, and why we find them so attractive.
Perhaps that's the most pernicious programme of all.
Perhaps the Captain thought she'd be valuable on the mission?
Perhaps the Doctor should wait here until we signal.
Perhaps the Edo are a child race by comparison.
Perhaps the Enterprise has been delayed.
Perhaps the Professor's number blocks had something to do with organic matter.
Perhaps the ambassador is right.
Perhaps the anomaly is a temporal disturbance of some kind.
Perhaps the anyons neutralise the cloaking effect.
Perhaps the dissidents feel the Federation could provide them with more.
Perhaps the engines were activated by a random power fluctuation.
Perhaps the exocomps will help you to reconstruct it.
Perhaps the good ones never get them.
Perhaps the heating element under the table is malfunctioning.
Perhaps the joke was not funny.
Perhaps the movements themselves are an attempt at communication.
Perhaps the organisms are sensitive to brain endorphins.
Perhaps the perpetrator reprogrammed the memory chips to erase any record.
Perhaps the planet has entered an active phase.
Perhaps the probes are in a launch bay.
Perhaps the readings were correct.
Perhaps the two of you aren't all that different.
Perhaps the warbird was trying to destroy the Enterprise.
Perhaps the words are more important than the man.
Perhaps then she'll stop looking for you.
Perhaps then we trust.
Perhaps there is nothing to read.
Perhaps there is someone here who does know the answer.
Perhaps there is something wrong with you.
Perhaps there'll be a basis for communication.
Perhaps there's a residue of humanity in Q after all.
Perhaps there's a way that we could give you an advantage.
Perhaps there's a way to work something out.
Perhaps there's an element of risk here that I did not fully appreciate.
Perhaps there's nothing out there to sense.
Perhaps these artefacts have a special value to the Romulans.
Perhaps they are controlling the mercenaries.
Perhaps they have run out of people to kill.
Perhaps they were planning for the worst, sir.
Perhaps they will show different results.
Perhaps they're all remembering that old saying.
Perhaps they're still in the hospital.
Perhaps this all seems a bit frightening to you know.
Perhaps this explains why they have not taken notice of our presence.
Perhaps this facsimile lacks the proper mass.
Perhaps this is a situation where excessive honesty can be detrimental.
Perhaps this is not such a good place to talk.
Perhaps this was an error of judgement.
Perhaps this will begin a new era of cooperation for both our peoples.
Perhaps those turbolifts could take us there.
Perhaps thou will better understand this.
Perhaps to prepare them for times like these.
Perhaps we are being too literal.
Perhaps we can accomplish more than that.
Perhaps we can discuss this more privately.
Perhaps we can do it together.
Perhaps we can find a substitute.
Perhaps we can find a way to communicate.
Perhaps we can find something that will give us a more positive identification.
Perhaps we can help it in some way.
Perhaps we can help.
Perhaps we can supply a more appropriate adversary for him.
Perhaps we can use the visor as a weapon.
Perhaps we can't, Mister Data.
Perhaps we can.
Perhaps we could climb together.
Perhaps we could combine our efforts and share our findings.
Perhaps we could come to a compromise?
Perhaps we could construct a homing device.
Perhaps we could deceive his neural receptors.
Perhaps we could exchange insults some other time.
Perhaps we could negotiate an exchange.
Perhaps we do.
Perhaps we have a poltergeist.
Perhaps we have overlooked something.
Perhaps we lacked courage as well.
Perhaps we shall fight again.
Perhaps we should activate it.
Perhaps we should allow these gentlemen to return to their work, Ambassador.
Perhaps we should assume the initiative.
Perhaps we should call a recess until tomorrow.
Perhaps we should consider the transporter system.
Perhaps we should continue this discussion next week.
Perhaps we should continue this in the morning.
Perhaps we should discuss this at your next evaluation.
Perhaps we should examine the phase buffers.
Perhaps we should examine your theory immediately.
Perhaps we should go aboard the Romulan ship.
Perhaps we should investigate this matter further.
Perhaps we should not jump to conclusions.
Perhaps we should punish her.
Perhaps we should return to the game.
Perhaps we should reverse course.
Perhaps we should test this theory by killing one of them.
Perhaps we should to pay a visit to the Tripoli.
Perhaps we should try to confront them on those terms.
Perhaps we were all part of a shared illusion.
Perhaps we were engaged in battle.
Perhaps we'll have more luck with them.
Perhaps we're looking in the wrong place.
Perhaps what you hunger for is not on the menu.
Perhaps when they're ready, they will.
Perhaps with extensive viral therapy.
Perhaps with this you'll learn to be more trusting, Data.
Perhaps you and I?
Perhaps you are a victim of this deception as well.
Perhaps you are referring to the rescue of Maid Marian from Nottingham Castle?
Perhaps you are right.
Perhaps you are too young.
Perhaps you can explain what this is all about.
Perhaps you can help me.
Perhaps you can.
Perhaps you could arrange for us to get in.
Perhaps you could call it the Kosinski scale.
Perhaps you could clarify them for me?
Perhaps you could describe how it feels to be angry.
Perhaps you could go to the shuttle bring the equipment back here.
Perhaps you could help me to identify it.
Perhaps you could send me to a Federation rehabilitation colony instead.
Perhaps you do not have experience dealing with Klingon children.
Perhaps you do?
Perhaps you got the best of each.
Perhaps you had better step out of the way.
Perhaps you had tell me as much as possible prior to his arrival, Number One.
Perhaps you have seen him.
Perhaps you mean to challenge him for the leadership of the Council?
Perhaps you misunderstand.
Perhaps you need an undercover operative.
Perhaps you remember the pleasant memories and forget the unpleasant ones?
Perhaps you sense it?
Perhaps you should appear to enjoy your soup, sir.
Perhaps you should attempt to access that part of your psyche.
Perhaps you should beam aboard our ship.
Perhaps you should join me in my Ready room.
Perhaps you should lie down.
Perhaps you should plant another bomb!
Perhaps you should return to your quarters.
Perhaps you should see the doctor.
Perhaps you should think about doing it together.
Perhaps you should try to build on your similarities.
Perhaps you should.
Perhaps you shouldn't have forced them together so soon.
Perhaps you want him to be proud of you.
Perhaps you will find a solution that we have overlooked.
Perhaps you would agree to a more productive relationship?
Perhaps you would be better at combat than you think.
Perhaps you would be happier in another job.
Perhaps you would care for something to drink?
Perhaps you would enjoy a quiet visit to the arboretum.
Perhaps you would like some music?
Perhaps you would like to inspect some of them?
Perhaps you would like to resurrect some memories.
Perhaps you'd care to explain why we're here, Admiral.
Perhaps you'd like to make use of them.
Perhaps you'd like to meet him.
Perhaps you'd like to share your reasoning on that, sir?
Perhaps you'll share the joke with me?
Perhaps you're aware of the incision on your chest.
Perhaps you're just different.
Perhaps you're not aware of my dishonour.
Perhaps you're not that original.
Perhaps you're right.
Perhaps you've discovered a method in detecting our ships?
Perhaps you've got some sort of fast growth strain.
Perhaps your blood has thinned in this environment.
Perhaps your dreams of glory no longer fit the time.
Perhaps your hotel would offer me a job.
Perhaps your human values have clouded your judgment.
Perhaps your instruments are useless.
Perhaps your laws work as well.
Perhaps your system of law and punishment is better than any system we once had.
Perhaps, Data, but that takes away none of the wonder.
Perhaps, Data, perhaps.
Perhaps, but I don't want to leave any avenue unexplored.
Perhaps, but it's of value to me nonetheless.
Perhaps, but just for an instant.
Perhaps, but they all lack a certain thrill.
Perhaps, but we have no evidence of that.
Perhaps, for an instant.
Perhaps, for humans, old things represent a tie to the past.
Perhaps, if it is not inconvenient, Counsellor Troi could escort me.
Perhaps, if we can find the ship which that Commander Worf's quantum signature.
Perhaps, in some fashion.
Perhaps, like many conquerors, you believe your goals to be benevolent.
Perhaps, one day.
Perhaps, someday, our ability to love won't be so limited.
Perimeter alert, Captain!
Permanently.
Permission for an on-board wedding is granted, Number One.
Permission granted, Riker.
Permission to beam a box of Data's Chinese finger puzzles over to the Ferengi.
Permission to clean up the bridge.
Permission to come aboard, sir.
Permission to come aboard?
Permission to continue with the experiment?
Permission to disembark, Captain.
Permission to enter the Bridge, Captain.
Permission to lead another away team, sir.
Permission to leave the ship, sir?
Permission to remain for a moment, sir.
Permission to show our guests to their quarters, Captain.
Permission to speak candidly, sir?
Permission to speak frankly.
Permission to use phaser, sir.
Permission to use the large transporter in cargo room three.
Permission to withdraw from the Neutral Zone?
Permit me to express my appreciation to you and your crew.
Permit me to withdraw.
Perrin can be quite logical, when she so chooses.
Perrin, can you know how much I love you?
Perrin, do you know why I've come to Vulcan?
Perrin, were you aware of this?
Perrin, would you allow me to see Sarek?
Perrin.
Perrin?
Person to person contact.
Personal honour.
Personal inquiry?
Personal log, Commander William Riker.
Personal log, stardate 41153.7.
Personal log, stardate 41153.8.
Personal log, stardate 47622.1.
Personal logs are restricted.
Personal logs, diagnostics, duty logs, they all appear normal.
Personal recollections are always the most vivid.
Personal research.
Personally I adore all the ostentation I can get, but, Protocol Master?
Personally I find that hysterical.
Personally, I come for the mud baths.
Personally, I don't believe this conspiracy theory.
Personally, I don't think I'm ready for that kind of fun.
Personally, I'd be delighted to see you go around naked.
Perspicacity incarnate.
Petulance does not become you.
Phase Three involves water.
Phase alignment is stabilised.
Phase coils upgraded to fifty five field densities.
Phase dampers are in synch.
Phase distortion is dropping.
Phase inducers activated.
Phase matching the deflectors shield now.
Phase transition coils at stand by.
Phaser banks are down.
Phaser banks ready.
Phaser energy was reflected by the gravitational wavefronts.
Phaser hit on forward shields.
Phaser lock lost.
Phaser modifications are online, sir.
Phaser on overload!
Phaser on stun, Mister Worf.
Phaser power status, intruder scan, torpedo guidance.
Phaser spread continuing.
Phaser upgrades are complete, Commander.
Phasers and photon torpedoes ready.
Phasers and photons firing.
Phasers and sensors both useless?
Phasers and torpedoes are back online.
Phasers are armed and ready.
Phasers are as hot as we can make them, Captain.
Phasers are in short supply down here.
Phasers are totally ineffective on all surfaces.
Phasers armed.
Phasers at full readiness.
Phasers available on manual, sir.
Phasers coming to full charge, sir.
Phasers fire, torpedoes away!
Phasers firing.
Phasers full up.
Phasers going inoperative, Captain.
Phasers have terminated.
Phasers in alignment and ready to fire.
Phasers locked and ready.
Phasers locked on coordinates.
Phasers locked on targets.
Phasers locked on, Captain.
Phasers nearly ready, sir.
Phasers on maximum stun.
Phasers on stun, Mister Worf.
Phasers online.
Phasers ready, sir.
Phasers standing by.
Phasers to full power.
Phasing.
Phillipa Louvois.
Phillipa.
Philosopher, scientist, poet, musician, duellist!
Photon banks are depleted.
Photon torpedoes armed and ready, sir.
Photon torpedoes armed and ready.
Photon torpedoes armed and targeted.
Photon torpedoes armed.
Photon torpedoes locked on target.
Photon torpedoes ready, sir.
Photon torpedoes standing by.
Photon torpedoes.
Physical humour, cerebral, or general raconteur.
Physical sciences class.
Physically, men are bigger, stronger in the upper body.
Physically, she's fine for now.
Physiologically, each of us is on a daily cycle.
Piano, bass and drums, and a 'bone for me.
Picard I can excuse, but you, Mirasta, you should have trusted me.
Picard Mozart trio, programme one.
Picard and Dathon at El-Adrel.
Picard and Riker control the Enterprise, which means we control the Enterprise.
Picard and other crew members.
Picard command codes are no longer valid.
Picard fight, then the sweep enters the room.
Picard has no choice now.
Picard implicitly trusted you.
Picard is hanging just above the floor.
Picard is here.
Picard is it wise to attempt an escape?
Picard is prolonging the ja'chuq.
Picard is redeploying the fleet to compensate for the missing ship.
Picard is still here with us in this room.
Picard leads the away team to follow them) To Be Continued...
Picard of the Federation.
Picard opens a bulkhead to see the baryon sweep heading towards them.
Picard owes us some answers.
Picard speaks the truth.
Picard thinks I can't cut it on his starship.
Picard to Ambassador Odan.
Picard to Arkaria base.
Picard to Bridge officers.
Picard to Bridge, abort immediately.
Picard to Captain Riker.
Picard to Chief O'Brien.
Picard to Commander Riker, answer please.
Picard to Data.
Picard to Doctor Crusher, come in.
Picard to Engineering, can we transfer auxiliary power to the warp nacelles?
Picard to Enterprise, do you read me?
Picard to Mister La Forge.
Picard to Pulaski.
Picard to Tam Elbrun.
Picard to Transporter Room, come in.
Picard to Transporter room three, energise.
Picard to Transporter room.
Picard to away team.
Picard to bridge.
Picard to main bridge.
Picard to perimeter teams.
Picard to shuttlecraft.
Picard to the Bridge.
Picard told you some big story about duty and honour.
Picard would never have approved.
Picard's empath won't trust you.
Picard's empath?
Picard's jacket is on the deckplate.
Picard's people have a knowledge that we lack.
Picard, I have to get to Karnas.
Picard, I must protest.
Picard, I was born to govern this colony, not to dismantle it.
Picard, I'm impressed.
Picard, Jean-Luc, Captain, USS Enterprise.
Picard, Riker, Geordi, Haskell.
Picard, are you sure you don't want me as a member of your crew?
Picard, call me.
Picard, can you hear me?
Picard, epsilon seven nine three.
Picard, if it did try to communicate with us, we didn't understand that.
Picard, if you don't board that ship, I'll destroy it.
Picard, of the Enterprise.
Picard, stop it, or I will turn this on and leave you here in agony all night.
Picard, this is Riker.
Picard, we need your guidance.
Picard, we will not tolerate more delays.
Picard, what are you doing?
Picard, why should a people so advanced want to learn about us?
Picard, you are mine.
Picard, you can't leave us like this.
Picard, you cheated?
Picard, you could not save her?
Picard, you have to find him.
Picard, you must beam Palmer aboard immediately.
Picard.
Pick a card.
Pick one to die, Captain, or I kill them both.
Pick some.
Pick three more.
Pick up the phaser, Captain.
Pick up the phaser.
Picked up a flu virus on our last stop at Nasreldine.
Picking up an object to starboard, sir, heading toward us.
Picking up something on the positron scan.
Picking up traces of ultritium residue.
Picture cards are worth ten, aces one or eleven, all other cards face value.
Picture it exactly as it occurred.
Pictures, perhaps, or games.
Pierce was partially telepathic.
Pierce?
Pies, pies, Some are meat, some are sweet.
Piggy-back?
Pilot error.
Pilot the shuttle away from the star.
Pilot, drop shields and cloak the ship.
Pilot, set course.
Pinocchio is broken.
Pipius claw.
Pitiful, isn't it.
Pity we didn't have them twenty, thirty years ago.
Pity you had to change.
Place him where he was while recording this.
Place it under guard.
Place of birth?
Place of residence.
Place them on ready status.
Placed under guard for his act of personal vengeance.
Places it between 2033 and 2079 AD.
Placing beam-out marker.
Plan your search pattern accordingly.
Planet Bynaus in the Beta Magellan system.
Planetary defences?
Plasma deviation steady at point seven two.
Plasma inducers interlinked with generator.
Plasma inductors are not responding.
Plasma pressure has exceeded maximum levels.
Plasma pressure has reached critical levels.
Plasma pressure is dropping.
Plasma pressure is eleven percent above critical.
Plasma pressure is fourteen percent above critical.
Plasma pressure is rising.
Plasma venting system will engage in eighty seconds.
Plasma venting system will engage in seventy seconds.
Plasma?
Plasmonic reactions are now beginning to break down the troposphere.
Platinum, was it?
Play against a machine.
Play back the Captain's last entry.
Play back the Ferengi transmissions.
Play back tracks one, two and three.
Play for time.
Play log entry for stardate 47391.2.
Play programme.
Play the game.
Play?
Playing games?
Playing humanoid.
Playing it safe?
Playing near the Porte de Nesle.
Pleasant dreams, sir.
Please acknowledge.
Please answer.
Please be seated.
Please begin immediately.
Please believe me, I mean no harm to this vessel or those in it.
Please believe me, they're adamant.
Please believe me, we meant no harm to the creature.
Please bring my people here.
Please bring the phasers back online.
Please call me Perrin, Captain.
Please carry out my instructions.
Please check in with your section chief for station-side duty assignments.
Please clarify.
Please come back to me.
Please come in, Doctor.
Please come in.
Please come to Engineering immediately.
Please come to Sickbay whenever you're ready.
Please come to my Ready room.
Please come to the bridge.
Please come with me, Doctor.
Please come, Father.
Please complete them at your convenience.
Please confer with him.
Please confirm.
Please continue to report.
Please continue with record scan.
Please coordinate with all the medical personnel on the planet.
Please define.
Please destroy them now!
Please do us the honour of visiting our vessel.
Please don't ask me, Captain.
Please don't feel compelled now to tell me the story of the boy who cried Worf.
Please don't hurt us.
Please don't interrupt me, Wesley.
Please don't leave me.
Please don't leave.
Please don't make a liar out of me.
Please don't make me go through this again.
Please don't mistake a childish fantasy for disappointment.
Please don't stay away too long.
Please don't take any offence at these questions, you know how fond I am of you.
Please don't worry.
Please enjoy what we have!
Please enter programme.
Please enter security code.
Please excuse me, Captain, but I think I'd better turn in early.
Please explain your presence here.
Please explain.
Please feel free to change any words that you wish.
Please feel free to contact me at any time.
Please follow his instructions.
Please forgive my appearance.
Please get to the point.
Please get your reports to me as soon as possible.
Please give him a nice welcome, ladies and gentlemen, none other than.
Please go ahead.
Please go on.
Please go.
Please have his body taken to the morgue.
Please have your tickets ready.
Please help us if you can.
Please indicate whether you wish to override the specified programme?
Please inform the Captain I will come up to the Bridge and report on this.
Please input command codes.
Please keep Mister Worf apprised.
Please keep working at it.
Please let me touch you, just for a moment.
Please listen to me.
Please may I have your attention!
Please may I have your attention.
Please no.
Please note the time and date in the ship's log.
Please notify me when you have assembled your search teams.
Please prepare it.
Please prepare my son for immediate transport.
Please remember that.
Please repeat request.
Please report to my Ready room.
Please report to my quarters.
Please report to transporter room two.
Please report.
Please respond, Ten Forward.
Please say yes.
Please scan the asteroid field for me, Lieutenant, and report.
Please secure it with a tractor beam and raise our shields.
Please show me the spectral analysis magnification twelve K.
Please sir?
Please sit down, Mister Remmick.
Please sit down, Mister Tarses.
Please sit.
Please specify by registry number.
Please specify how you would like to proceed, sir.
Please specify parameters.
Please specify.
Please stand out of the way.
Please state your request in precise candlepower.
Please stay calm, and do not respond even if you are provoked.
Please stay out of this.
Please stay, Lieutenant.
Please stay.
Please stop hurting him.
Please stop thinking of yourself.
Please supply a molecular structure.
Please take care of each other.
Please take care of him.
Please take my place, Krite.
Please take that to Engineering.
Please tell us.
Please tell your Captain I'm sorry I couldn't say goodbye.
Please transmit coordinates for immediate transport.
Please treat it as such.
Please try and complete them by tomorrow.
Please try to be still.
Please understand the magnitude of the problem.
Please understand, Professor, that you are in essence a new life form.
Please verify command with necessary protocol.
Please will you repeat your message?
Please, Alkar.
Please, Captain, don't get up too quickly.
Please, Counsellor, there is little time.
Please, Dara.
Please, Doctor.
Please, Father.
Please, Finn, don't do this.
Please, I can't stand it.
Please, I have to see.
Please, I love you.
Please, I must find you to tell you.
Please, I must speak to my brother.
Please, I want more.
Please, I'll do anything!
Please, I'm asking this as a personal favour.
Please, Little One, do this for me.
Please, Madame!
Please, Matthew, continue.
Please, Mister Worf, come in.
Please, Mister Worf.
Please, Mrs.
Please, Riva.
Please, Salia, walk ahead with me.
Please, are you Jean-Luc?
Please, call me Geordi.
Please, can you help us?
Please, cease your descent.
Please, come aboard.
Please, come closer.
Please, come down, and allow us to extend our hospitality to you and your crew.
Please, come in, sit down.
Please, consider my request.
Please, continue digging.
Please, dear, you've had a high fever for three days.
Please, demonstrate how this is accomplished.
Please, do not punish my people.
Please, do something.
Please, don't be alarmed at our appearance.
Please, don't hurt me, Data.
Please, don't let me interfere.
Please, don't say anything.
Please, don't worry.
Please, enjoy what we have.
Please, feel free to cooperate with him if you wish.
Please, find out what it was.
Please, follow me.
Please, forgive the intrusion.
Please, get up.
Please, give my best to the Captain.
Please, give this conference a chance.
Please, go to him.
Please, hear us.
Please, help me!
Please, help yourselves to something to eat.
Please, just go on doing what you were doing and pretend I'm not here.
Please, just put them down.
Please, just tell me, what is this place?
Please, let go of me.
Please, let her stay.
Please, let me take you on a tour.
Please, listen to me!
Please, listen.
Please, lower your shields and prepare to beam me aboard.
Please, make the proper ship's log entries.
Please, make yourselves comfortable.
Please, my husband will be looking for me.
Please, not the Death Chant.
Please, obey the Captain's orders.
Please, open hailing frequencies.
Please, organise it into brief answers to my questions.
Please, please take action now before it's too late.
Please, please, I'm so afraid.
Please, please, make it stop!
Please, put down the knife.
Please, return to your quarters, delegates!
Please, say hello to your son.
Please, sir.
Please, sit down, Captain.
Please, sit down, Commander.
Please, spare me the pain of your childhood.
Please, stay away.
Please, stop hurting him!
Please, stop!
Please, take a seat, Ensign.
Please, take back what you gave me.
Please, tell Will how sorry I am.
Please, tell us this is one of your illusions.
Please, they'll die!
Please, this is urgent.
Please, turn around and go back to your mother.
Please, we must hurry.
Please, we're your friends.
Please, what is a poem?
Please, won't you sit down?
Please, you must help me!
Please, you must not do this to him.
Please, you must return to your quarters.
Please, you must tell me if there's anything I can do to change your mind.
Please, you've got to help us!
Please.
Pleased to meet you, Deanna.
Pleased to meet you, ma'am.
Pleased to.
Pleasure, antagonism, love.
Pleasure.
Plenty.
Plexing.
Plexing?
Plot a course and take us back to Barradas Three.
Plot a course for the Draken System.
Plot a course for the nearest starbase.
Plot a proximity course toward the star.
Plot an intercept course, Ensign.
Plot an intercept course.
Plot laid in, sir.
Plus a few Valtese horns that sound like braying Targhee Moonbeasts.
Plus it's sixty six hours away.
Plus some genuine fear, Captain.
Point five four parsecs from our original position.
Point five four parsecs from our previous position.
Point oh eight.
Point oh four percent and increasing.
Point six five.
Point taken.
Point three four over standard.
Point three hundred milliseconds, sir.
Point to a star.
Point two.
Point zero one millilitres.
Point zero two zero speed.
Point-four percent.
Poison!
Poisoned.
Poker's at seventeen hundred hours in my quarters.
Pola!
Polariser circuits are functioning.
Policemen.
Politely, Captain.
Pomet, prepare the transport assembly.
Poor Broccoli.
Poor Sheriff's been injured.
Poor android.
Poor baby, did she hurt you?
Poor creature jumped five metres at the slightest touch.
Poor dears.
Poor fella.
Poor guy.
Poor man.
Poor plants don't have a chance to grow.
Poorly timed.
Port forward for me and aft for you.
Port sensor array remains offline.
Port shields are still down.
Port thruster is firing.
Port thrusters firing.
Pose your questions.
Position security teams at both entrances.
Position us between that vessel and the planet.
Position, Mister La Forge.
Positive indication of armed photon torpedoes, Commander.
Positronic activity unchanged.
Positronic brain of yours and carry out your mission.
Positronic net online.
Possibility, a kind of human behaviour I was not designed to emulate.
Possibility, a malfunction in their engines, sir.
Possibility, sir.
Possible intruder.
Possible trauma to the telencephalon.
Possible, but highly unlikely.
Possible?
Possibly a great number of people, Commander.
Possibly a race which those life forms have planted here.
Possibly a ship.
Possibly a transmitter.
Possibly a vessel.
Possibly for the rest of the week.
Possibly involving Lieutenant Kwan.
Possibly metallic.
Possibly organic in origin.
Possibly similar to a lemur, or a pygmy marmoset.
Possibly the away team.
Possibly the formation of a storm system.
Possibly the one which attacked you.
Possibly the result of the battle with the Klingons.
Possibly they were simply curious.
Possibly, Mister Worf.
Post a guard in visual contact at all times.
Post armed officers on every deck.
Post-cellular compounding.
Posted by proud parents?
Postponed one hundred and ninety six years on account of rain.
Potato casserole.
Pourquoi pas?
Power conduits are ready.
Power connections are complete.
Power conversion levels are at ninety seven point two percent.
Power corrupts.
Power couplings severed in forward phaser banks.
Power drain just jumped to ninety three percent, sir.
Power emissions do not match any known radiation patterns.
Power engine core.
Power failure in forward shields.
Power has been restored, sir.
Power levels aboard Tin Man are increasing beyond our sensor range.
Power levels aboard the alien are increasing, sir.
Power levels are down to sixty seven percent.
Power levels are dropping.
Power levels are holding steady.
Power levels are returning to normal, Captain.
Power levels are rising.
Power loss now at twelve percent, Captain.
Power reserves are down to eighty four percent.
Power reserves at sixty eight percent and dropping.
Power systems failing!
Power taps.
Power to do what?
Power transfer appears stable at this end, Captain.
Power transfer fields may be pinched off.
Power transfer levels need to be upgraded by twenty percent.
Power transfer.
Power up the photons, Mister Worf.
Power's back in transporter room three.
Power, communications.
Power.
Powerful enough.
Powering up.
Practically every system is equally distributed throughout the body.
Practise?
Practising was never my problem.
Praestat quam prius.
Pray continue, Inspector.
Pre and postsynaptic membranes have increased permeability to match it.
Pre-heating injectors.
Pre-processing the data with an optical chip was your idea.
Precisely what Data recommended, as I recall.
Precisely, Lieutenant.
Precisely, sir.
Predict current vector of Borg ship.
Preferably he should be called by his ministerial title.
Preferably the oldest son.
Prefire command transmitted.
Preflight underway.
Preliminary genetronic scans are complete.
Preliminary readings are inconclusive.
Preliminary to what?
Premier Bhavani has no objection.
Premier Bhavani welcomed you to these proceedings, despite my better judgment.
Premise.
Preparation is irrelevant.
Preparations are already underway.
Prepare a class one sensor probe.
Prepare a hypospray of cordrazine.
Prepare a technical support away team.
Prepare a tractor beam.
Prepare attack sequence.
Prepare beams for photon mode.
Prepare firing sequencing.
Prepare for emergency beam out.
Prepare for emergency saucer separation.
Prepare for emergency saucer sever.
Prepare for evasive action at the first change in the Romulan's course.
Prepare for immediate rescue operations.
Prepare for umbilical disconnect.
Prepare for warp.
Prepare it again.
Prepare phasers and open a channel.
Prepare phasers.
Prepare some dexalin.
Prepare the equipment for another session.
Prepare the exocomp, Doctor.
Prepare the shuttle for immediate departure.
Prepare them for the block.
Prepare them for transport as soon as Mister Conor approves.
Prepare to attack!
Prepare to beam Ensign Keller out of the engine room.
Prepare to beam Salia to the specified coordinates.
Prepare to beam over.
Prepare to beam the shuttle crew back once we're in range.
Prepare to beam three to our previous location, Geordi.
Prepare to beam two directly to Sickbay.
Prepare to beam two from the Jenolen as soon as we're within range.
Prepare to beam up.
Prepare to beam us back on my signal.
Prepare to cut the barge loose.
Prepare to disengage the interface.
Prepare to draw their fire.
Prepare to drop cloaking shields, and fire when ready.
Prepare to energise, Chief.
Prepare to energise.
Prepare to engage the deflector shield on my mark.
Prepare to enter standard orbit.
Prepare to evacuate the entire group.
Prepare to fire them simultaneously.
Prepare to go to warp nine.
Prepare to go to warp.
Prepare to increase to warp two.
Prepare to initiate separation sequence.
Prepare to launch a class four probe to study the energy field.
Prepare to leave orbit.
Prepare to lock on tractor beam.
Prepare to receive us.
Prepare to release the ionogenic field on my signal.
Prepare to return to the ship immediately.
Prepare to take the Enterprise in, Captain.
Prepare to take us out of here, Number One.
Prepare to transport Ambassador T'Pel to the Romulan ship.
Prepare to transport me then.
Prepare to transport us to the same location Ensign Ro beamed to.
Prepare two cc's of norep.
Prepare two class one probes.
Prepare your away team, Number One.
Prepare your team.
Prepare yourself.
Preparing for some dreaded recital.
Preparing to detach saucer section.
Present condition?
Present minimal aspect.
Present the charges.
Present the fact we intend to die here, Captain.
Present your arguments.
Preserving life, all life, is very important to us.
Press your fingers there, Doctor.
Pressman to Enterprise.
Pressman?
Pressure suit?
Pressure wave expansion is accelerating.
Pressure wave harmonics dispersing.
Presumed destroyed.
Presumptuous child playing on my ship.
Pretty bad, huh?
Pretty lucky.
Pretty severe.
Pretty silly.
Pretty single-minded bug.
Pretty smooth.
Prevent it from sending or receiving transmissions of any kind.
Previous attempts have failed because they are so easily irritated.
Previous energy readings are gone.
Prim and proper.
Primary attitude control has failed.
Primary control's shorted out.
Primary language.
Primary power is still online.
Primary power offline in one minute.
Primary power offline in ten seconds.
Primary power offline in thirty seconds.
Primary power systems are going down.
Prime Minister, even the most comfortable prison is a prison.
Prime matter-antimatter injectors.
Prime minister explains that.
Priming the energy-transfer matrix.
Primitive and non-functional.
Primitive artificial organism.
Primitive, hostile, disruptive.
Primitive?
Print-out message, urgent, all stations on all decks.
Priority channel cleared.
Priority clearance recognition Alpha One.
Priority clearance recognition, Alpha Two.
Priority message to you from the home planet.
Priority one message.
Priority two.
Priority.
Prisoners on whose authority?
Privacy is very important on a small station.
Privacy.
Private eye?
Private man.
Privately.
Probability of match zero point zero four percent.
Probability positive.
Probable cause of these variations?
Probable cause?
Probable impact?
Probably a black hole.
Probably a court martial.
Probably because she knows if I catch her, I'm going to kill her.
Probably because you're not a senior officer.
Probably conquered.
Probably developed here.
Probably everybody thinks of that.
Probably from fighting with the Borg.
Probably from massive chemical abuse.
Probably getting into more trouble than Wesley, I can assure you.
Probably he went right to the stables.
Probably just a symptom of stage fright.
Probably just as well.
Probably less.
Probably like to sleep and spend some time on the holodeck.
Probably one of the last of the Gatherers to be born on their planet.
Probably some secret military objective.
Probably somewhere between twelve hundred and fourteen fifty.
Probably still finding ways to lose.
Probably.
Probe aboard, Captain.
Probe approaching the T-tauri system, Captain.
Probe has been launched.
Probe has reached the surface, sir.
Probe is coming up to starboard.
Probe is launched.
Probe is standing abeam.
Probe launch successful.
Probe launched, sir.
Probe now closing at fifteen point three metres per second.
Probe on course.
Probe on target.
Probes ready, Captain.
Probes?
Problem, Captain?
Problem, Commander?
Problem, Data?
Problem, Geordi?
Problem, Number One?
Problem?
Procedures require that we investigate.
Proceed at manoeuvring speed.
Proceed on course, manoeuvring engines only.
Proceed to deck eight.
Proceed to second phase, Commander Shelby.
Proceed with distributing the device to that vessel.
Proceed with the autopsy.
Proceed with the diagnostic.
Proceed with the evacuation, Number One.
Proceed with the transport.
Proceed with voice print identification.
Proceed with you demonstration, Commander.
Proceed with your report.
Proceed, Doctor.
Proceed, Duana.
Proceed, Lieutenant La Forge.
Proceed, Mister Crusher.
Proceed, Mister Data.
Proceed, Number One.
Proceed, Shuttle One.
Proceed, Wesley.
Proceed, shuttle five.
Proceeding at three quarters impulse.
Proceeding immediately, sir.
Proceeding with the final link.
Processing centre?
Proconsul M'ret is deeply grateful for your help.
Proconsul, the Senate has been recalled into session.
Proconsul.
Proconsul?
Produce endorphins that inhibit the organisms' growth.
Professor Berlinghoff Rasmussen.
Professor Galen contacted me from his shuttle an hour ago.
Professor Galen is still inside his vessel, sir.
Professor Galen visited here a few days ago.
Professor Galen?
Professor James Moriarty.
Professor Manheim is conscious.
Professor Moriarty appeared, out of nowhere.
Professor Moriarty, I presume.
Professor Terence Epstein is at this starbase.
Professor, I ask you to believe me.
Professor, I think there are some things of which you should be made aware.
Professor, I understand your frustration.
Professor, I wonder why you're in so much of a hurry.
Professor, I'm afraid I won't be going.
Professor, at what point does time travel become a tool for historians?
Professor, come and join us.
Professor, is everything alright?
Professor, the Enterprise is yours for as long as you're here.
Professor, this is an incredible find.
Professor, this situation is more serious than you realise.
Professor, will you come with me?
Professor, you are a computer simulation.
Profit.
Prognosis?
Programme Crusher four in progress.
Programme an audience appropriate to this venue.
Programme desired location.
Programme initiated.
Programme installation complete.
Programme is online.
Programme laid in.
Programme loaded and ready.
Programme stored.
Programme the computer to monitor my movements.
Programmed to erase all operator commands once the transfer was complete.
Programming biofilter.
Progress, Number One?
Progress?
Project emitter beam, heading zero two four mark zero four one.
Projected orbit is circular.
Projectile launched from the planet's surface.
Projecting it somewhere on the western continent.
Projection, sir.
Projection.
Promise me something?
Promise me to be his friend.
Promise me we'll be together tonight.
Promise me you will try and stay out of trouble.
Promise me.
Promises he later proved to be true.
Promote me, please, so I can make Lieutenant and have my own room.
Promotion due to the death of a crewmate is commonplace on Klingon ships.
Proof of their barbarism.
Property.
Prophecies?
Proponents of an acting technique known as the Method.
Propose it to the nanites.
Propulsion is at maximum efficiency.
Propulsion system, transfer conduits.
Propulsion, navigation, and all communication, inoperative.
Prosecute and judge.
Protect a shuttle within a star's corona?
Protect it?
Protect your secrets if you must, but you will not sacrifice these men.
Protect yourself, Captain, or they'll destroy you.
Protected memory?
Protecting you?
Protection?
Protocol Master Erko.
Prototype?
Proud and angry.
Proud warrior Worf, without a single tie to his own kind.
Prove it.
Prove to the court that I am sentient.
Prove to us you're not the enemy.
Proverbial lemon?
Provided you agree to review our research.
Provisionally.
Proximity detectors.
Proximity, apparently, has no bearing on the phenomenon.
Prune juice.
Psilo-what?
Psilosynine?
Psych profiles, training, everything.
Psychosomatic response.
Pulaski out.
Pulaski to Bridge.
Pulaski to Captain Picard.
Pulaski's chicken soup.
Pulaski, sir.
Pull any personnel you can use.
Pull it in with a tractor beam.
Pull up Lieutenant Kwan's service record.
Pull up hard!
Pull yourself together.
Pulse and blood pressure are normal I'm getting hyperactive fibrogenic activity.
Pulse frequency out of pre-fire chamber reads steady.
Pulse is irregular and weakening.
Pulse one thirty and climbing.
Pulse vanished at delta four point two by point three.
Pulse, still steady.
Punish those responsible.
Punish?
Punished?
Punishment?
Punitive laws?
Pure beeswax.
Pure luck.
Pure observation.
Purple omelettes?
Purpose for exterior drapings, Father?
Purpose?
Pursuit?
Push hard.
Put a cold cloth on your forehead, Ambassador.
Put a guard on their door.
Put a phaser burn on my shirt and send it to him.
Put a repeating message on all subspace channels.
Put a tractor beam on it.
Put all systems back online.
Put down your weapons.
Put him in quarters for now.
Put him through here.
Put it all together now.
Put it down, or I will kill him.
Put it on a continuous replay.
Put it on the screen, Mister Data.
Put it on the viewer.
Put it on your viewer.
Put it on.
Put it out!
Put it through in here.
Put it through to my Ready room.
Put it through, Mister Worf.
Put it through.
Put it to the wall, Mister La Forge.
Put on a little weight, huh?
Put on your best poker face, Number One.
Put out a repeating message on all subspace channels, priority one communique.
Put some chips there, mister.
Put some on the table.
Put that area on the main viewer.
Put that away.
Put that down, please.
Put the Borg ship onscreen.
Put the asteroid on the main viewscreen.
Put the flame out in your thoughts.
Put the food down over there, Mister Homn.
Put the gun down, Mister Leech.
Put the ship on full battle alert.
Put the table over there.
Put them in your mouth.
Put them on screen.
Put them on the viewscreen.
Put there to protect the water.
Put this fissure on the main viewer.
Put this on main viewer.
Put this on the main viewer.
Put us back on our original heading, Ensign.
Put us in a standard orbit above those coordinates.
Put us in orbit of the seventh planet.
Put us into a close orbit.
Put your back into it.
Put your feet up and I will take care of everything.
Put your foot where it didn't belong?
Put your phaser on automatic.
Put your weapon down.
Put yourself in her place.
Puts the plasma back into phase after inertial distortion.
Putting limits on warp speed is only going to prevent other rifts from forming.
Putting on this little show for my benefit does neither of us any good.
Pygmy cretins!
Q U A I C E.
Q Who?
Q first became interested in him at Farpoint.
Q has an interest in him.
Q has said that all of humanity will be destroyed.
Q helped me.
Q says he has hurt his back.
Q showed me how.
Q suspended time.
Q the desperate.
Q the liar.
Q the misanthrope.
Q the miserable.
Q the ordinary.
Q would never bother with contracts.
Q'ac ken ta'vak!
Q'apla Kahless.
Q'apla, Worf.
Q'apla, son of Mogh.
Q's penalty box.
Q, I ask you to put and end to this before someone gets hurt.
Q, I do not believe that even you are capable of such an act.
Q, I strongly suggest that you cooperate.
Q, I strongly suspect it's some explaining you have to do now.
Q, I'm not going to play along with this.
Q, I'm not your father confessor.
Q, enough of this.
Q, get to the controls or get the hell out of here.
Q, is there any point to all this?
Q, my people are in trouble.
Q, return to the ship immediately.
Q, stop this.
Q, there are millions of lives at risk.
Q, there is no dignity in this suicide.
Q, what exactly is going on.
Q, what have you done?
Q, what is going on?
Q, what is it that you're trying to tell me?
Q, what is it you really want?
Q, what is it you want?
Q, you exceed your own standards of self-preoccupation.
Q, your game was for my benefit.
Qab jIH nagil!
Qab jiH nagil!
Qaja plu d'itch jung.
QaleghneS.
Qapla', Ambassador.
Qapla', Picard.
Qu'vath guy'cha b'aka.
Quadrant nine, coordinates zero seven zero, mark three.
Quadrant one seven, magnification factor twelve.
Quadruplets.
Quantum Mechanics doesn't want to give him up.
Quarantine field full.
Quarantine of the Darwin Station must be maintained for ever.
Quarantine warnings active on all frequencies, Captain.
Quark.
Quarters are filling up fast.
Queen high.
Queen to Bishop Three.
Queen's Knight to King Two.
Queen.
Question is where?
Question, Mister Data.
Question, sir, could it be this Q?
Question.
Questionable, sir.
Questions about what?
Questions are the beginning of wisdom, the mark of a true warrior.
Questions?
Quick, Come to Castle.
Quick, cross-connect to the transfer coil.
Quick, into the forest.
Quickly!
Quickly, Pilot, locate transport coordinates.
Quickly, give me your hand.
Quickly, please.
Quickly.
Quiet this morning.
Quiet, both of you.
Quietly, behind the scenes, using every legitimate means possible.
Quinn wants to see us alone.
Quint is dead.
Quint said you lived in the candle.
Quint's dead.
Quite a climb, but I wouldn't put it past him.
Quite a collection.
Quite a dynamic family team, you Crushers.
Quite a feather in your cap.
Quite a few.
Quite a healthy fantasy life, wouldn't you say?
Quite a ship you have here, Captain.
Quite a ship you have.
Quite acceptable.
Quite amusing, Doctor Hawking.
Quite an exotic one as I remember.
Quite certain, Data.
Quite commonplace.
Quite correct, sir!
Quite correct.
Quite different from Betazed telepathy.
Quite entertaining.
Quite extraordinary, in fact.
Quite fascinating.
Quite frankly, I don't know how you made it on board this ship.
Quite frankly, it didn't hold up.
Quite frankly, we may not survive.
Quite impossible.
Quite impressive.
Quite ingenious, indeed.
Quite ingenious.
Quite my point.
Quite nice.
Quite normal now.
Quite original.
Quite peaceful and highly rational.
Quite possibly.
Quite right, Doctor.
Quite right, Number One.
Quite right, Prime Minister.
Quite right.
Quite simple, really, if one bets with any sequential consistency.
Quite simply, I am proposing amnesty for every Gatherer.
Quite simply, I am unwilling to risk anyone's life but my own on this occasion.
Quite so, quite so.
Quite some starship you have here, Captain.
Quite stimulating, wouldn't you say?
Quite sure.
Quite the contrary.
Quite the ladies man I hear.
Quite the opposite.
Quite true.
Quite unpredictable.
Quomodo tua Latinitas est?
REM sleep occurs at a different frequency for Betazoids than other humanoids.
RIKER [OC] We need warp power now!
RIKER; Head injury?
RVN is one of the key factors in our development during puberty.
RW nine six three two one, twentieth century.
Rabal, don't.
Race you.
Rachel Garrett.
Radiation and pressure levels still stable.
Radiation danger?
Radiation emissions are indicated in Sickbay.
Radiation exposure protocol.
Radiation field is increasing.
Radiation flux zero.
Radiation intensity increasing.
Radiation level nearing ten thousand rads.
Radiation levels are nearing ten thousand rads.
Radiation levels are rising.
Radiation levels at one hundred fifty millirads per minute and rising.
Radiation levels at seventy millirads per minute and rising.
Radiation levels at sixty five millirads per minute and rising.
Radiation levels dropping back to normal, Captain.
Radiation levels in our atmosphere have increased by three thousand percent.
Radiation levels increasing.
Radiation levels on the Enterprise continue to rise.
Radiation levels outside the shuttle are nearing fourteen thousand rads.
Radiation levels within acceptable limits.
Radiation patterns no longer coherent.
Radiation penetrating the outer layers.
Radue, exactly why were we invited here?
Radue, this is Picard.
Rai and Jiri at Lungha!
Rai of Lowani.
Raise all shields, phasers at ready.
Raise shields and begin sensor sweeps for the mercenary ship.
Raise the frequency as well.
Raise the hemline, then.
Raise your arm to the side.
Raise your hand if you want seconds.
Raise your weapons.
Raised and loved by human parents.
Ralph Offenhouse.
Ramp the frequency again, Commander.
Ramsey and his bunch have been fugitives for years.
Ramsey and his followers are to be exiled to a distant and unpopulated region.
Rana Four is emissions quiet.
Rana Four possessed no interstellar spacecraft.
Raner has given me written orders for you.
Range now seventy five hundred.
Range, eighty two hundred.
Range, five hundred kilometres.
Range, three hundred thousand kilometres.
Range, twelve kilometres and closing.
Rank and position?
Rapid eye movement.
Rapid eye movements commencing.
Rapid nadion pulse, right on target.
Rapid progress, to where humans learned to control their military with drugs.
Rashella was the last child born on this planet.
Rashella, they're just protecting their own interests.
Rasmussen's the name, sir.
Rassss trassss trasulaaaah.
Rate exceeding critical level.
Rateg?
Rather a nice run of luck, Captain.
Rather harmless-looking thing, I thought.
Rather like my parents.
Rather like the ancient oral historians on Earth.
Rather than let them be taken prisoner.
Rather than uproot these people, may I offer a compromise?
Rather the reverse, sir.
Ratio set.
Rational to the last.
Rationale?
Rats in a maze.
Re-calibration complete.
Re-channel the navigation systems.
Re-engage modified beam.
Re-engage now.
Re-establish your firing pattern, Mister Worf.
Re-establish.
Re-initialising the particle stream buffer.
Reach out for it.
Reaching up from the planet surface.
Reactants per unit time remaining steady.
Reactions?
Reactivate the field once we're through.
Reactor Nine will reach critical in ten minutes, forty three seconds.
Read all about it.
Read the latest paper from Doctor Vassbinder.
Read, please.
Reading all stop, sir.
Reading eighteen, fifteen thirteen, eleven, eight, five, three.
Reading nothing but barren rock.
Reading one lifeform aboard.
Reading six life forms, but I can't get a solid lock.
Reading subspace field fluctuations from the Borg ship.
Reading the initial sequences at ten to the ninth base pairs per second.
Readings also indicate the presence of a humanoid, Captain.
Readings are sporadic.
Readings fluctuated momentarily.
Readings indicate at least seventy three Romulans are still alive.
Readings off scale.
Readings only valid within five metres.
Readings, Data?
Readings?
Ready all weapons, Mister Worf.
Ready and willing.
Ready for San Francisco, Mister Whalen?
Ready for departure, sir.
Ready for duty, sir.
Ready for engine core injection.
Ready for exactly what, Admiral?
Ready for launch.
Ready for separation.
Ready for what, Captain?
Ready now, Captain.
Ready on your command, sir.
Ready phasers, Mister Worf.
Ready phasers, and lock!
Ready phasers, load torpedoes.
Ready photon torpedoes.
Ready the tractor beam, Lieutenant Yar.
Ready to beam down rescue team to underground emergency area.
Ready to beam down to the vessel?
Ready to beam down?
Ready to begin orbit of Angel One, Captain.
Ready to disengage cloak.
Ready to dock, sir.
Ready to engage tractor beam.
Ready to fire, sir.
Ready to receive.
Ready to return to duty.
Ready to serve.
Ready to transport two from the Klingon vessel.
Ready to transport.
Ready torpedoes, sir?
Ready torpedoes.
Ready tractor beam, Mister Worf.
Ready warp one, optimal spread on simulated torpedoes.
Ready when you are, sir.
Ready when you are.
Ready whenever you are, sir.
Ready with the away personnel.
Ready, Commander Riker.
Ready, Lieutenant?
Ready, Mister Data?
Ready, Reg?
Ready, but hold on ready.
Ready, computer?
Ready, set, go!
Readying thrusters.
Real Muskan seed punch.
Real bad, pa.
Real power comes from within the heart.
Real professional.
Real to the touch but capable of being created, destroyed, and created.
Realistically, it does not seem possible.
Reality as we perceive it will not be the same.
Really happened.
Really hard.
Really think.
Really wonderful.
Really, Captain, you cannot believe that.
Really, Captain.
Really, Grandpa?
Really, I wouldn't do that again if I were you.
Really, Lieutenant?
Really, Marta, I'm fine.
Really, darling, you're being rude.
Really, it's quite simple.
Really, you don't have to.
Realm of Fear Captain's Log, Stardate 46041.1.
Reason enough for anyone to go to war.
Reason for failure?
Reasonably, under the circumstances.
Reasoning.
Reassemble in Engineering.
Reassigned, four months ago.
Reassigned.
Rebuttal?
Recall the bridge crew and set in a course.
Receive now the loyalty of the Council and of the Empire.
Received and acknowledged, sir.
Receiving a signal, sir.
Receiving prelaunch telemetry now.
Recent events have left me puzzled, sir.
Receptacles?
Recharge the emitters.
Recheck analysis, please.
Rechecking.
Recognise Data, Lieutenant Commander.
Recognise La Forge, theta two nine nine seven.
Recognise Riker, William T.
Recognise anything?
Recognise it?
Recognise those markings, Worf?
Recognise, Picard Jean-Luc.
Recommend full stop while I check it out.
Recommend immediate shutdown, sir.
Recommend the aft station of their bridge.
Recommend we avoid contact.
Recommend we fire a photon torpedo, Captain.
Recommend we flood the injector pathway conduit with gaseous cryonetrium.
Recommend we go to a Yellow Alert, sir.
Recommend we go to impulse power, Captain.
Recommend we raise shields.
Recommend we run a diagnostic on the forward sensor array.
Recommendation?
Recommendations.
Reconciliation with the Gatherers is impossible.
Reconfigure hydrogen plasma mixture to include thirty percent nitrium.
Reconfigure photon torpedo warhead yields.
Reconsider your decision.
Reconstruction is proceeding normally.
Recorded under security lockout Omega three two seven.
Recording signal locked onto the Enterprise, sir.
Records indicate that they died in Topeka, Kansas.
Records search, Data.
Recovered intact?
Recovers to try and fire the ships weapons.
Recovery from a great loss involves a great deal of pain.
Recreate it in holodeck three.
Red Torian, please.
Red, white and blue for the United States.
Redblock.
Redblock?
Redefine gravity?
Reduce engine power.
Reduce life support to minimum requirements, Mister Data.
Reduce power.
Reduce the input gradually, and still get him out before it's too late.
Reduce the plasma pressure to zero point six percent nominal.
Reduce the transfer rate.
Reduce to half impulse.
Reduce to impulse power.
Reduced to the mere facts of the events.
Reducing flow capacity.
Reducing power in the starboard nacelle.
Reducing rate by twenty percent.
Reducing the backup to the quarantine seal might help.
Reducing velocity to one half impulse.
Reenact it if you have to.
Reflection therapy, then.
Reflection therapy?
Refraction and a thin atmosphere is interesting, but certainly not life.
Refractory metals.
Refresh me, would you, Riker?
Refuse them passage.
Reg, I don't want to take any chances here.
Reg, I'm temporarily relieving you of duty.
Reg, as your former counsellor, I don't think it would be appropriate.
Reg, ever since our run in with that probe, something's different about you.
Reg, how many transporter accidents have there been in the last ten years?
Reg, is there something you're not telling me?
Reg, something went wrong with the holodeck programme again.
Reg, something's happened to you, and we can't ignore that.
Reg, there's a lot of energy floating around in the beam.
Reg, transporting really is the safest way to travel.
Reg, wait a second here.
Reg, what are you doing?
Reg, what are you getting at?
Reg, what happened?
Reg, why did you wait so long to tell anybody about your arm?
Reg, why don't we begin with the passive high-res series, all right?
Reg, you don't have Terrelian Death Syndrome.
Reg, you were faced with a difficult transport.
Reg, you're not the first person to have anxiety about transporting.
Reg, you're up.
Reg, you've frightened all of us.
Reg.
Regardless of the consequences to our careers, to our lives?
Regardless of what she believes, Sela can't be her daughter.
Regret what?
Regrettably, we know very little about their customs.
Regulation forty two slash fifteen, pressure variances on IRC tank storage?
Rejoice.
Rekag sympathisers in outlying districts have attacked several towns.
Related.
Relationships with co-workers can be fraught with consequences.
Relax into it and let it come by itself.
Relax the embouchure.
Relax, Gillespie.
Relax, Wes.
Relax, honey.
Relax, relax.
Relay his coordinates to the transporter room.
Relay those coordinates to the transporter room.
Release command function lockouts.
Release control of this ship.
Release inertial dampers and cut power to decks thirty one through thirty seven.
Release my boy.
Release our vessel at once!
Release retractors on the paraspinal.
Release the Stargazer from the tractor beam, Number One.
Release the exterior hull plate.
Release the hostages now.
Release the stasis field.
Release them and I will stay with you willingly.
Release them.
Release us immediately, or we will open fire.
Reliable, steady, punctual.
Relinquishing command, Captain.
Relish every bite.
Relish your new body!
Reload circuits are initialising.
Relocated at age nineteen to Hurkos Three.
Remain where you are and stay calm.
Remaining transporter functions are being transferred to you.
Remarkable proof.
Remarkable set of teeth.
Remarkably analytical and dispassionate, for a human.
Remember Me Chief Medical Officer's log, Stardate 44161.2.
Remember Sandoval?
Remember him?
Remember my people.
Remember that Vulcan dish I promised you for breakfast?
Remember that, Jean-Luc.
Remember that.
Remember the course in ancient history at Starfleet Academy?
Remember the ones I showed you a few months ago?
Remember the scent.
Remember their warning to us, sir.
Remember them.
Remember us.
Remember what I said about the moment of pain?
Remember what it took to drag me from your arms.
Remember who you're talking to.
Remember, I'm the one who wanted to make Captain by the time I was thirty five.
Remember, Jeremy?
Remember, aim low.
Remember, if you talk to him it's a surprise.
Remember, it was worth it, what happened.
Remember, put your shoes away.
Remember, the early bird that hesitates gets wormed.
Remember, you now have all Yareena's lands and wealth now.
Remember?
Remembered by who?
Remembering a time when you were with him.
Remembrance and regrets, they too are a part of friendship.
Remind them of that, will you?
Remind them that if he is here, he's probably disguised as one of us.
Remind you of someone you know?
Reminds me of Terkim.
Remmick and the parasites get phasered to atoms.
Remmick is going to turn this ship upside down.
Remmick!
Remmick's full report is almost ready.
Removable?
Remove Commander Toreth from her station.
Remove her weapon.
Remove it.
Remove that.
Remove the humans from the Tau Cygna system.
Remove the humans.
Remove this tohzah from my sight.
Remove your weapon.
Removed from command, sir.
Removing the competition will not help you, Picard.
Rendezvous with fleet Captain's Log, stardate 44002.3.
Rendezvous with the saucer section.
Rene already told me.
Renny started parrises squares when he was young.
Renounce him, Worf.
Repair teams to Engineering.
Repair time, three point six days.
Repeat command.
Repeat it.
Repeat on all frequencies.
Repeat simulation, same levels.
Repeat that one.
Repeat the hail all channels.
Repeat the hail every half an hour.
Repeat your last transmission.
Repeat, Worf?
Repeat, abort the mission.
Repeat, evacuate.
Repeatedly, throughout his life.
Repeating sequence.
Repeating.
Replace his entire spinal column?
Replace the blindfold.
Replacing the burners.
Replay at time index one four four.
Replay that last transmission.
Replicas?
Replicate what you need, and see that the devices are properly distributed.
Replication.
Replicator waveguides?
Replicators and stabilisers.
Reply that the Enterprise isn't going anywhere, Lieutenant.
Reply.
Report back to the ship when you're ready, Commander.
Report on our status?
Report to Mister Data.
Report to Shuttlebay two immediately.
Report to Shuttlebay two.
Report to Sickbay, Ensign Rager.
Report to Sickbay, Lieutenant.
Report to the Bridge immediately.
Report to the Bridge.
Report to the Observation Lounge.
Report to the Transporter Room for away party duty.
Report to the transporter Room with all necessary gear.
Report to transporter room six immediately.
Report to transporter room three.
Report to your lab at once.
Report to your stations.
Report, La Forge.
Report, Mister Crusher.
Report, Mister Data.
Report, please.
Report?
Reporting as ordered, Captain.
Reporting as ordered, sir.
Reporting transporter console malfunction, sir.
Reports coming in now.
Reports coming in.
Reports from all decks coming in, sir.
Representatives of the Starfleet Enterprise, do you wish to petition?
Representing a Federation of planets in this part of the galaxy.
Reproduction?
Reprogram the torpedoes, Mister Worf.
Reprogramming them?
Repugnant.
Repulse out.
Repulse shuttle has cleared docking bay three.
Repulse, this is the Enterprise.
Repulser beam hard against Tsiolkovsky.
Repulsive?
Request a security clearance code.
Request access.
Request all biographical information on fictional character Dixon Hill.
Request an explanation of your actions, DaiMon Goss.
Request approved.
Request complete text of all stories involving said character.
Request control access Starfleet ship USS Lantree, Isao Telaka commanding.
Request emergency power to initiate lab quarantine seal.
Request flight clearance.
Request identity scan.
Request instructions.
Request permission for Ensign Crusher to reboard the Enterprise.
Request permission to accompany you, sir.
Request permission to address the Captain on the Klingon vessel.
Request permission to be excused from Commander Hutchinson's reception.
Request permission to be on the away team, sir.
Request permission to begin planning a rescue operation.
Request permission to come aboard.
Request permission to disembark, sir.
Request permission to join the rescue party, sir.
Request permission to join you.
Request permission to return to duty, sir.
Request permission to return to my quarters, sir.
Request personal history on.
Request substance analysis.
Request that you identify yourself.
Request their status.
Request to be temporarily relieved of duty, sir.
Requested reroute would compromise operational safety limits.
Requesting asylum.
Requests your presence in Sickbay immediately, sir.
Requires of us.
Reroute systems to primary hull power sources.
Rerouting structural integrity power supply.
Rescue is at hand.
Reset dampeners.
Reset phasers to stun.
Reset subspace communications.
Reset the power tap and the module came right online.
Reset them, Mister Data.
Resetting stabilisers to match subspace flow matrix.
Residents of the Rana Four colony for five years.
Residual thermal traces.
Resign?
Resigned?
Resistance is not futile.
Resistance is not futile?
Resolving it into our language.
Resonance is approaching critical.
Resonators activated.
Respect is earned, not bestowed.
Respect my wishes in this matter.
Respect?
Respected as a scientist.
Respiration is shallow and rapid.
Respiration normal for them.
Respiration's erratic, pulse grossly irregular, blood pressure almost nil.
Respond on the same frequency.
Respond to them?
Respond, please, on this frequency.
Respond, sir.
Respond?
Response?
Responsible for the death of the Raman's crew?
Responsible?
Rest assured we shall not leave until he is located.
Rest assured, Commander, we will be victorious.
Rest assured, Gul Dolak, there will be no terrorist attacks today.
Rest assured, that firm is still operating.
Rest assured.
Rest in peace, Colonel.
Rest in peace, Nana.
Rest, Jameson.
Restabilising, Captain.
Restart the engine, now!
Resting in his quarters after ordering both of you to your duty stations.
Resting.
Restrain the Captain!
Restricted materials, du ko cha clearance only.
Results of detaching saucer section at high warp velocity.
Results still inconclusive.
Resume course and speed.
Resume course, Mister Crusher.
Resume course.
Resume heading to Pacifica, warp factor eight.
Resume normal scan.
Resume one third impulse.
Resume original course and speed.
Resume previous course and speed.
Resume previous course, Ensign.
Resuming previous course.
Retinal scans are an exact match It really is Quinn.
Retract the paraspinal muscle.
Retreat or die.
Retreat!
Return all command functions to the stations.
Return at once.
Return control of the holodeck to main computer.
Return environmental conditions to normal, Mister Data.
Return fire!
Return fire, Mister Worf.
Return him so we may complete our task.
Return it to the shuttlebay.
Return me to my ship!
Return me to the Enterprise.
Return me to the crash site.
Return my child.
Return my officer at once.
Return our man to us.
Return our personnel or face immediate reprisal.
Return phaser fire.
Return that moon to its orbit.
Return the boy to Darwin Station.
Return the data stored on the Enterprise's computer back to the one on Bynaus.
Return the disc to me and all will be forgiven.
Return the weapon.
Return this ship to Starbase one three three for a full diagnostic.
Return this to our quarters.
Return to our patrol route.
Return to our quarters.
Return to quarters immediately.
Return to the Enterprise, Mister Worf.
Return to the battle?
Return to the ship as soon as you're finished.
Return to the ship immediately.
Return to work this instant!
Return to your own time.
Return to your position.
Return to your quarters, and we will forget this incident.
Return to your quarters.
Return transport, fourteen minutes, forty seconds.
Return.
Return?
Returning the children is non-negotiable.
Returning to my ship is exactly what I had in mind.
Returning to the ship.
Returns home after twenty years to a hero's welcome.
Reunification will become a fact of life.
Revenge.
Reverse angle.
Reverse course, Ensign, three hundred kph.
Reverse impulse engines.
Reverse power, full impulse.
Reverse power, full stop.
Reverse tractor beam.
Reversing at fifteen metres per second.
Reversing direction.
Reversing power, sir.
Reversing tractor beam.
Review it with Doctor Pulaski.
Rewriting history?
Rex's bar?
Reyga came in and they got into, well, an argument.
Reyga seemed angry, but I knew it was because he was so disappointed.
Rhodes to Sickbay, Medical emergency, deck nine, section four.
Ri'ario.
Rice was given this test, rejected their options and offered one of his own.
Rice!
Richard.
Richardson didn't make it.
Richey.
Ride's going to get a little bumpy.
Riga and I were hunting on the third ridge.
Rigelian phaser rifles, sir.
Right away, Commander.
Right back where it all started.
Right behind that door.
Right behind you.
Right between five and fifteen megahertz.
Right hand.
Right here, life is about to form on this planet for the very first time.
Right here, right now.
Right in the middle of the battle with the Romulans.
Right in the middle of the gap?
Right now I feel so strange.
Right now I have other matters to attend to.
Right now I have to work something out with Mister Data.
Right now I must speak to Lieutenant Commander Data.
Right now I think you should be in Shuttlebay two.
Right now I'm going to take you to Sickbay.
Right now he's running on adrenalin.
Right now let's do a systems review.
Right now relations between us and the Klingons aren't too cosy.
Right now, I can't imagine ever hurting anybody.
Right now, I feel as two-dimensional as our friends out there.
Right now, I just want to go back to work.
Right now, I'm asking you.
Right now, I'm your best option.
Right now, Worf is alive and functioning.
Right now, all we have are suspicions.
Right now, let's just get those shields operative.
Right now, she's pretty upset.
Right now, that is my guess.
Right now, the best place for me to be is here.
Right now, there are preparations to be made.
Right now, there isn't much he can understand.
Right now, they are all sleeping.
Right now, they're more important.
Right now, this minute, this is what I am.
Right now, we are in London.
Right now, we need to clean him up and get him something decent to wear.
Right on schedule.
Right one metre.
Right over there, sir.
Right species for everything else, though.
Right ten point seven degrees, sir.
Right where I expected it to be.
Right!
Right, Commander.
Right, Commander?
Right, Data.
Right, Enterprise.
Right, I'll put it to you this way.
Right, That's enough.
Right, and correlating them with visits by the Ullians.
Right, and it could be part of that plan that we interfere.
Right, and it makes me feel strange.
Right, but we don't practice Klingon tradition, And we're not Klingons.
Right, here we go.
Right, lads.
Right, now, let's go and stake out my three women.
Right, right, of course.
Right, sir.
Right, then let's get to work.
Right, we have to get her out of here.
Right, what's the next step?
Right, why would you?
Riker Alpha confirmed.
Riker Beta confirmed.
Riker and I do not believe in these fables about an Overseer.
Riker brought it back from Risa.
Riker could be very useful to us in the future.
Riker could suddenly look like he's standing still next to them.
Riker has explained it to us.
Riker has no honour.
Riker here, Captain.
Riker in command of the Enterprise.
Riker is currently in holodeck three.
Riker needs help nearly as badly.
Riker of the USS Enterprise.
Riker says his studies are on line.
Riker says the planet's life forms are almost identical to us.
Riker shoots again, and Worf joins in.
Riker to Captain, I have a report for you, sir.
Riker to Commander Data, Lieutenant La Forge.
Riker to Counsellor Troi.
Riker to Daren.
Riker to Ensign Crusher.
Riker to Ensign Gomez.
Riker to Enterprise!
Riker to Enterprise, we're taking her in.
Riker to Enterprise?
Riker to Holodeck.
Riker to La Forge, return to the Bridge.
Riker to Lieutenant Yar.
Riker to Moriarty.
Riker to O'Brien, lock on to the Captain's communicator.
Riker to Security Chief.
Riker to Susanna, report.
Riker to Transporter room one.
Riker to Worf, he's in Engineering.
Riker to Worf.
Riker to any team leader.
Riker to bridge.
Riker to holodeck!
Riker to holodeck.
Riker to senior staff.
Riker to transporter room one.
Riker to transporter room three.
Riker to transporter room two.
Riker turned on us.
Riker walked in on us unexpectedly.
Riker was carrying him.
Riker will be offered something impossible to refuse.
Riker will not survive if I am removed.
Riker with a history of insubordination.
Riker you've always known.
Riker's presentation was devastating.
Riker, Commander, SC two three one dash four two seven.
Riker, Federation starship Enterprise.
Riker, Troi, Data?
Riker, WT, reporting as ordered, sir.
Riker, William T, Captain.
Riker, William T, identified.
Riker, William T.
Riker, acknowledge!
Riker, can you read me?
Riker, stop!
Riker, we have offered you a gift beyond all other gifts!
Riker, what is Starfleet doing here anyway?
Riker, who wakes up.
Riker, with the peace delegates and all, I think I do need a rest.
Riker, you didn't answer me.
Riker, you're in command of the Enterprise.
Riker, you're nothing but a pretty mannequin in a fancy uniform.
Risa Control.
Risa has a reputation of being a most peaceful planet.
Rishon and Kevin?
Rishon went to fight with the colonists, and died with them.
Rishon, I can touch you.
Rishon, they only want to spy on us like this morning.
Rishon.
Risk?
Risky.
Rita just called.
Ritual provides a structure in society, good rituals and bad rituals alike.
Rituals.
Riva gave his word we would speak to no one else.
Riva id deaf.
Riva is going to teach them sign language.
Riva is in charge of the summit.
Riva negotiated several treaties between the Klingons and the Federation.
Riva!
Riva's not what I expected.
Riva, Commander Data has learned your sign language.
Riva, go slowly.
Riva, if you are ready, the situation at Solais Five is very critical.
Rivan, Liator.
Rivan, perhaps they can't run.
Rivas Jakara.
Rivas Jakara?
Rivas.
Ro Laren.
Ro Laren?
Ro is on that ship?
Ro parked us between their warp nacelles.
Ro, look at this.
Ro, why are you firing?
Ro.
Road.
Robert can't wait to see you.
Robert's and my father's.
Robert's worked hard to keep it that way.
Robert, why didn't you inform us?
Robert.
Robin Hood.
Robin Hood?
Robin Lefler from Engineering.
Robin Lefler.
Robin's Laws.
Robin.
Robin?
Robots small enough to enter living cells.
Rocha and I had our disagreements but that does not mean I would kill him.
Rocha's file is spotless.
Rock, fire, sky, and water are the basic elements of the universe.
Roga, don't!
Roga, tell them what you want.
Roga, this is Captain Picard.
Rogue?
Roll 'em, boy.
Roll.
Romas, are you and T'Jon carrying this plague?
Romas.
Romulan Security knows that you're here.
Romulan battle cruisers have been detected near one of our border posts.
Romulan disruptor fire.
Romulan disruptors powering down, sir.
Romulan replications using stolen Federation technology?
Romulan ship approaching.
Romulan ship decloaking.
Romulan transporters operate on a similar subspace frequency to our own.
Romulan vessel this is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise.
Romulan vessel, you are now in Federation territory.
Romulan warbird closing.
Romulan warbird decloaking alongside the Vulcan ships.
Romulan warship approaching fast from astern.
Romulan?
Romulans are passionate people.
Romulans are strong.
Romulans are treacherous, deceitful.
Romulans?
Romulus had lost its appeal.
Ronin, I've got to know.
Ronin, I've got to talk to you.
Ronin, stop this.
Roosevelt presses Congress for British aid.
Roots?
Rossa?
Rotate heading in five degree increments.
Rotate shield frequencies.
Roughly the same time period.
Round up everybody who was left behind.
Route primary coupling through starboard transfer conduit.
Routing.
Royalty, my little one, naturally.
Rozhenko?
Ruah Four is a class-M planet.
Ruined your palate.
Rule's?
Rumael tavariel fatra di va Jomiael.
Run 'em, boy.
Run Barclay programme fifteen.
Run Riker programme two, time code, sixteen one zero.
Run Tayna simulation four.
Run a comparison using basic simple words from Dinasian, Dewan and Iccobar.
Run a complete search through the medical library.
Run a diagnostic immediately.
Run a full electrolyte report.
Run a level one diagnostic series.
Run a localised subspace scan to look for anything else.
Run a maintenance sweep.
Run a series of simulated attacks from a Cardassian squadron.
Run another diagnostic on the EPS flow regulator.
Run it again.
Run it back to time index fourteen seven two.
Run programme!
Run simulation.
Run the simulation.
Run upstairs and get some of my old clothes for him.
Run, Alexander.
Running all this is a big job.
Running frequency search.
Running, Captain?
Russell, reactivate the sensor assemblies.
Russell, watch the lateral grid balance.
Rye and ginger.
S'smarith.
SS Mariposa, loaded 27th November, 2123.
SS Tsiolkovsky, repeat your message.
Sabin and Lieutenant Worf are continuing to investigate.
Sabin has uncanny instincts.
Sabin?
Sabotage of the metaphasic shield?
Sabotage.
Sacrifices I knew were necessary in order to build a better future.
Sacrificing yourself for these humans?
Saddle up, Father.
Saddle up.
Sadness.
Safe travels, my friend.
Said no.
Sakkath is young and inexperienced.
Sakkath knows nothing my husband didn't teach him.
Sakkath knows.
Sakkath, I await an answer.
Sakkath?
Salazar here, sir.
Salazar, how many people do we still have down there?
Salia is gone.
Salia of Daled Four.
Salia will be with you in just a moment.
Salia will remain behind.
Salia, do an old woman a favour and obey me for the rest of this trip.
Salia, he's confusing you.
Salia, nothing is impossible.
Salia, please.
Salut.
Salvage it if possible, destroy it if necessary.
Sam Clemens.
Sam, can we talk about something else?
Sam, please.
Same difference.
Same facial twitches that we've seen all along.
Same heading, same speed.
Same heading.
Same here, Commander.
Same man.
Same neural depletion.
Same old routine, I suppose?
Same one I've always had.
Same question.
Same result, sir.
Same source as the first one.
Same thing.
Same time, day after tomorrow?
Same time.
Same to you, Commander.
Same variables, only this time the computer didn't quite make it.
Sanders was on the Yosemite.
Sandor, come with me.
Sandra.
Sandy texture.
Sarek and I share a particular bond.
Sarek and Spock.
Sarek has built a personal relationship with them.
Sarek is a good man.
Sarek is a logical, intelligent being.
Sarek is dead.
Sarek is dead?
Sarek of Vulcan never confused what he wanted with the truth.
Sarek would no more approve my coming here than you do, Picard.
Sarek, I ask you to reconsider.
Sarek, I see no reason to continue this discussion.
Sarek, we're a part of each other.
Sarek.
Sarjenka's transmission could be viewed as a call for help.
Sarjenka, no one will harm you.
Sarjenka, this is Data.
Sarjenka, we're going to run a few scans just to be sure you're all right.
Sarjenka?
Satisfaction.
Satisfactory?
Satisfied?
Satler chases him.
Satler's dead.
Satler.
Satok has assured me that all three pieces will be destroyed.
Saucer velocity one hundred metres per second and increasing, sir.
Savage lifeforms never follow even their own rules.
Savage, warlike.
Save it.
Save programme.
Save that for yourself.
Save the Captain.
Save the impulse engine for controlled entry.
Save us some deep powder.
Save your breath.
Save your compassion.
Save your lies for this fool.
Save your ministrations for your patient.
Save yourself.
Save.
Saved by the bell.
Saving your life.
Say Mac, I would like to buy a newspaper too, but I don't have any money.
Say after me.
Say goodbye, Data.
Say hello to my very good friend, Palor Toff.
Say no more, Little One.
Say please.
Say what you came to say, though I doubt that I'm going to believe you.
Say when.
Say you will yield and it ends here.
Say, I understand that Advanced Tactical Training is a real picnic.
Say, Wes, don't sleep your whole vacation away, all right?
Say, half million kilometres.
Say, you look a lot better than you did an hour ago.
Saying that to Data is asking a computer not to compute.
Says the long distance sensors, sir.
Scan all chips which contain mission logs.
Scan for earthworks or monuments that might indicate a previous civilisation.
Scan for human life signs.
Scan for life signs.
Scan for lifeforms.
Scan for magnesite in its hold.
Scan for the nilizene.
Scan it now.
Scan of grid one five seven is complete.
Scan shows no debris within that radius.
Scan the colony's subsurface water.
Scan the drive section for life form readings.
Scan the entire record and then recreate it on holodeck three.
Scan the nebula.
Scan the sector.
Scan the vicinity.
Scanners are showing a window, Captain.
Scanners at maximum range.
Scanners can't read a thing.
Scanners indicate a platinum trace.
Scanners indicated no life forms present in the drive section.
Scanners locked.
Scanners may show nothing, sir, but I'm sensing something very strong.
Scanners read negative, sir, but they may be affected by the interference.
Scanners show no other life forms on the planet, sir.
Scanners shows limited armaments.
Scanners still show nothing, sir.
Scanning and recording as we go.
Scanning intensity has increased by fifteen hundred percent.
Scanning the planet, sir.
Scanning us?
Scans of the planet detect no humans, Captain.
Scared?
Scattering field is down, sir.
Schedule four battle drills, one for each shift.
Scholar, Artist, philosopher, lover, genius.
Scholars study them.
School project?
Science Officer Swenson.
Science Station, analyse.
Science two does not function either, sir.
Scientific research.
Scientists generally accept our arrival more easily than others.
Scissor-like.
Scotch, neat.
Scotland.
Scotty, it's crazy.
Scotty, this really isn't a good time for a tour.
Scotty, what if those aren't communications arrays?
Scotty.
Scout ship has just beamed someone off the Enterprise.
Scout ship is severely damaged, Captain.
Scrambler code, Riker One.
Scrutiny does not frighten us.
Scuttlebutt says you wanted to see me.
Se are going to lose the barge, Commander.
Seal hull breach.
Seal off all decks.
Seal off deck six.
Seal off the compartment.
Seal off the intermix chamber.
Seal this deck.
Sealing Main Engineering.
Sealing doors to core chamber.
Sealing off forward sections.
Search parameter.
Search pattern has been input, sir.
Search pattern initiated now.
Search pattern laid in.
Search theoretical.
Seasoned.
Second Officer's log, stardate 47312.1.
Second Officer's personal log, stardate 44935.6.
Second Officer, Commander William Riker.
Second Officers personal log, supplemental.
Second appearance in novel The Long Dark Tunnel, copyright 1936.
Second in command, Data.
Second neural connection is confirmed.
Second officer's log, Stardate 43611.6.
Second officer's log, stardate 43465.2.
Second officer's log, stardate 46315.5.
Second officer's personal log, supplemental.
Second officer's science log, supplemental.
Second volley released.
Second-hand, sir?
Secret?
Section eighteen gamma twelve.
Section twenty five.
Section two B, A, section one.
Section zero zero five.
Sections of the primary and secondary hull were torn right off.
Sector one nine six five eight, sir.
Sector sixty three.
Secure Sickbay.
Secure channel, La Forge.
Secure from drill.
Secure your stations.
Secure, Sir.
Security Chief, Lieutenant Worf.
Security acknowledged.
Security alert, all decks.
Security alert, condition three.
Security channel authorisation.
Security code intact for all specified inquiries and orders.
Security code pah doQ cha!
Security code?
Security guard to the Engineering deck.
Security is minimal here.
Security just told me that he was longing for normal eyesight.
Security measures must be taken before we beam it on board.
Security override, authorisation Troi Delta two nine.
Security override.
Security personnel, full alert.
Security protocol, Riker omega Three.
Security reports no other intruders aboard.
Security team alert, pick up Lieutenant La Forge.
Security team approaching location.
Security team stands ready to take the initiative, sir.
Security team to Captain's quarters.
Security team to Jefferies tube J four, deck fifteen.
Security team to Ten Forward.
Security team to the Bridge.
Security team, meet me on deck seven, section twenty five baker.
Security team, report to transporter room four.
Security teams had just been sent to transporter room three.
Security teams, stand by.
Security to Bridge.
Security to Captain's quarters immediately.
Security to Captain.
Security to Counsellor Troi's quarters.
Security to Doctor Crusher.
Security to Engineering.
Security to Lieutenant Worf's quarters, immediately.
Security to Sensor Maintenance.
Security to Sickbay!
Security to Sickbay.
Security to Ten Forward immediately.
Security to Ten Forward.
Security to Transporter room three.
Security to Transporter room two.
Security to cargo bay eleven.
Security to cargo bay four.
Security to cargo bay one.
Security to deck six, section twenty five.
Security to the Bridge!
Security to transporter room three.
Security will not allow you to get that far.
Security, all decks yellow alert.
Security, allow them access into cargo bay four.
Security, could that be the Hood returning here?
Security, crew quarters!
Security, report to main Engineering.
Security, this is the Captain.
Security, we need some assistance down here in Sickbay.
Sedimentation rate is twenty nine, but his lymphocytes are still intact.
See a stray cat, take it in.
See all these readouts?
See her for who she is, not for what you want her to be.
See how I reversed the fields on this, Commander?
See how a man gets a reputation?
See how far we have advanced.
See how it sounds.
See how much of that you can pull out.
See if anyone takes it from you.
See if he found anything in the matter sample from the nebula.
See if he is trying to send a subspace signal to the others.
See if that did the trick.
See if the Vice-Chancellor will do.
See if the corridor is empty.
See if the drug's in my system.
See if there are any Cardassian ships nearby.
See if there are any microfractures.
See if there are any unusual readings or anomalies.
See if there were any reports of unexplained comas.
See if there's any information on the aftermath that might help us.
See if there's any record of her.
See if there's anything left in there that's usable.
See if this problem has spread to any other systems.
See if we can determine their direction.
See if we can re-establish control from there.
See if we can reconstruct a common root language.
See if we can slow them down.
See if you can access the circuits that have been affected by the nodes.
See if you can access the emergency shut down routine.
See if you can boost the power output to sixty five percent.
See if you can come up with any clue that might explain this.
See if you can contact the colony.
See if you can determine the cause of that power surge.
See if you can find any evidence to support Mister Worf's claims.
See if you can find out any more details, Mister Data.
See if you can find out what is going on in the Devron System.
See if you can find some way to access it.
See if you can find that horn-like symbol anywhere else.
See if you can find the problem.
See if you can find them.
See if you can get some power to the rest of these consoles.
See if you can get them to power down.
See if you can help shut down the plasma flow.
See if you can increase the oxygen level.
See if you can link your console to my command system sub-routine.
See if you can locate the phase modulation circuitry.
See if you can pick up any biosigns.
See if you can pinpoint the source.
See if you can recognise any of those faces.
See if you can remove it.
See if you can to re-establish control of the ship without damaging the nodes.
See if you can trace and locate Bok's ship.
See if you can trace the origin of these tremors.
See past the numbers.
See somebody cold, give them your coat.
See that no one touches this.
See that the hostages are released.
See that they're manned at all times.
See that.
See the disc and the cone?
See the eyes in the dark.
See the subspace distortion?
See this?
See to their comforts.
See what I mean?
See what good it will do.
See what he says.
See what we've got on it.
See what you can find out.
See what you want.
See what you've done?
See what's out there.
See where it leads you.
See who?
See you for dinner.
See you in a minute.
See you in the morning.
See you later in Ten Forward?
See you later.
See you on board.
See you out there.
See you this afternoon.
See you tonight in Ten Forward?
See you.
See, I'm better.
See, Isabella?
See, it's not a matter of precision, computer, it's a matter of mood.
See, it's not my forte, but I think that would work good for you.
See, the problem may be with the envelope covering the structure.
See, there's the big hallway the teacher told us about.
See, there's this travelling salesman.
See, we are going to reconfigure these separators, here and over here.
See, we push and they push back in equal force, sir.
See, you should have listened to me.
Seeing her on the transporter pad, it was like seeing pure light.
Seeing if we'll stick to the arrangements.
Seeing is believing, huh?
Seeing the look on his face.
Seek out the crystal that powers our flight.
Seems human enough to me.
Seems like everybody's just pulling my strings, you know?
Seems like there's a little more to it than that.
Seems more touching in my final hours.
Seems normal enough to me.
Seems such a shame to waste the whole trip.
Seems there was no profit in it.
Seems to be exactly what's happening at this hotel.
Seems to be malfunctioning.
Seems to be working.
Seems to me she managed to prove them pretty conclusively.
Seems you did okay.
Seems you're right.
Seen from far, far above.
Seen it?
Seer.
Seismic activity has increased by a factor of three.
Seize her.
Seize it, limit it's field of fire.
Seize the time, Meribor.
Seized my vessel, seized my vessel.
Seized my vessel.
Sela could have been cloned.
Selays are playing hide and seek down here, obviously with the Anticans.
Seldom have I heard an explanation so well-rehearsed.
Seldom is it undeserved.
Select either visual interactive or verbal interactive.
Self determination is irrelevant.
Self image to him is a function of what he thinks he's achieved.
Self taught, my capitaine.
Self-contained, peaceful.
Selgninaem and lucovexitrin are highly toxic.
Selling the ore, I imagine.
Senator Pardek, your service to the Romulan people is noted and appreciated.
Send a message to Admiral Necheyev.
Send a message to Commander Data and inform him of our delay.
Send a message to the Federation outpost on Calder Two.
Send a security team.
Send a signal to the fleet.
Send a team here now.
Send an emergency signal to any loyal ships!
Send down a medical team.
Send in the clones.
Send it directly to the aft section of the Raman through the secondary air lock.
Send it through.
Send it to medlab four.
Send it to our starship when it arrives.
Send me home, then, if you are so distrusting.
Send that in all language forms.
Send them back to the ship.
Send them in.
Send them the same way as I do.
Send two officers to holodeck three.
Send us back to Captain Endar!
Send us your design specifications I'm sure we'll be able to help.
Sending him back to destroy the others.
Sending no call letters, sir.
Senior officers will report to my Ready room immediately.
Senior officers, please report to the Captain's Ready room.
Senor Frank!
Sense anything, Commander?
Senseless killing is immoral.
Sensor array online.
Sensor beam bearing on hostile ship!
Sensor diagnostics have been completed and indicate that all systems are normal.
Sensor echoes established, but the false image will only last a few minutes.
Sensor efficiency has increased by six point seven percent.
Sensor interference is significant, but the post appears to be intact.
Sensor logs indicate they entered the distortion field thirty seconds ago.
Sensor readings have disappeared.
Sensor readings?
Sensor record fluctuations in the energy readings from it, Captain.
Sensor scan now reveals no life signs aboard, Captain.
Sensor scans, Mister Worf.
Sensor technicians are working on it, sir.
Sensors and secondary generators are offline.
Sensors and warp drive are offline.
Sensors are configured for planetary probe, sir.
Sensors are detecting highly accelerated interstellar gases.
Sensors are fine.
Sensors are functioning normally.
Sensors are functioning.
Sensors are having difficulty penetrating the interior.
Sensors are operative.
Sensors are picking up a polarised magnetic distortion to our port side.
Sensors are picking up a small temporal anomaly off the port bow.
Sensors are picking up several vessels, Captain.
Sensors are picking up severe atmospheric fluctuations on the planet.
Sensors are reading gravimetric fluctuations, Captain.
Sensors are reading human life forms.
Sensors are reconfigured for a low intensity sweep.
Sensors are scanning ninety degrees of longitude as we orbit.
Sensors are tracking the probe despite the interference.
Sensors are unable to locate them anywhere within transporter range.
Sensors are unable to penetrate the anomaly.
Sensors are unable to penetrate their hull.
Sensors at maximum sensitivity.
Sensors at maximum.
Sensors beginning to pick up small objects, sir.
Sensors cannot penetrate the field.
Sensors cannot penetrate the subspace field.
Sensors clearly indicate the approach of a Borg vessel.
Sensors confirm an unauthorised transporter beam at eleven twenty three hours.
Sensors confirm design and specifications, Captain.
Sensors detect a massive power build up in his aft thrusters.
Sensors detect movement within the asteroid field.
Sensors detect no vessels.
Sensors detect one ship orbiting the third planet.
Sensors didn't detect the phenomenon until we were almost on top of it, Captain.
Sensors do not routinely scan for that substance.
Sensors don't show any sign of an intruder.
Sensors find no evidence of the shuttle anywhere within the star system.
Sensors have discovered a small one-man spaceship crashed on the planet.
Sensors have picked up another E-band emission.
Sensors indicate a combat vessel, origin undetermined, heavily armed.
Sensors indicate a crystalline structure of indeterminate mass.
Sensors indicate a hydrogen-helium composition with a frozen helium core.
Sensors indicate a small spacecraft ahead.
Sensors indicate all of their systems are armed, sir.
Sensors indicate an energy fluctuation directly in our path.
Sensors indicate an increased level of baryon particles in the cabin.
Sensors indicate damage to the Dorian's subspace emitter.
Sensors indicate deformation passing five hundred metres off the starboard bow.
Sensors indicate energy readings in your area.
Sensors indicate engineering problems.
Sensors indicate it a security vessel from the planet Straleb.
Sensors indicate low-level rf waves.
Sensors indicate no evidence of conventional attack.
Sensors indicate no life readings, sir.
Sensors indicate no life signs aboard, Captain.
Sensors indicate no other ships within three light years.
Sensors indicate no shuttle or other ships in this sector.
Sensors indicate that the solar flares will continue to grow.
Sensors indicate that the volcanic activity is increasing.
Sensors indicate there is at least one life form on board the shuttle, sir.
Sensors indicate wreckage on the asteroid's surface, Data.
Sensors indicated no other vessels, Federation or otherwise, in this area.
Sensors inoperative.
Sensors locked on probes.
Sensors monitoring the perimeter, ship's circuitry, sir.
Sensors picking up any signs of life?
Sensors picking up asteroidal debris ahead, Commander.
Sensors read a power surge from their last manoeuvre, Captain.
Sensors read this stuff as crystalline emiristol.
Sensors reading increased power generation from the Borg.
Sensors ready, sir.
Sensors say we were just scanned, sir.
Sensors seemed to think there was.
Sensors show he is alive.
Sensors show it to be an interplanetary vessel, sir.
Sensors show it to be only a mass of energy.
Sensors show multiple disruptions.
Sensors show no evidence of any unusual phenomenon.
Sensors show no unusual subspace activity.
Sensors show power activation in transporter room three.
Sensors show several objects in our path, sir.
Sensors show she's in the midst of a group of Mintakans.
Sensors show that the ship is still intact.
Sensors show that the star is extremely unstable.
Sensors still can't locate the Borg ship.
Sensors still show nothing out there.
Sensors, life support.
Sensors?
Sent in my third request for a message delay buffer.
Sentiment, Lieutenant Worf?
Separate from it's control console.
Separate the saucer section.
Separated.
Separation complete.
Separation is successful, sir.
Sequence cancelled.
Sergey Rozhenko, formerly of the USS Intrepid.
Sergey.
Serial number SP dash nine three seven dash two one five.
Serious enough for the leaders to suddenly embrace a Vulcan peace initiative?
Seriously?
Serotonin levels are way off.
Serova wasn't willing to wait.
Serova's theories rested on assumptions which were unprovable.
Serova, what are you trying to do?
Serova.
Serve this ship as I have!
Service record, Riker, William T.
Serving on a starship means accepting certain risks, certain dangers.
Set a course for Rachelis, warp six.
Set a course for Seronia.
Set a course for Starbase eighty seven, warp five.
Set a course for Starbase twelve.
Set a course for a return to Starbase one three three immediately.
Set a course for the Camor system, warp five.
Set a course for the Devron system, and engage at warp nine.
Set a course for the Federation, warp thirteen.
Set a course for the Garadius system.
Set a course for the Pelloris asteroid field, warp nine.
Set a course for the Phelan system, warp six.
Set a course for the Ruah system.
Set a course for thirty seven mark one hundred eighty.
Set a course for those stars, warp six.
Set a course to.
Set a course, Ensign.
Set a course.
Set a heading for three four three mark seven two.
Set a new heading, but take us there as slowly as you can.
Set a standard orbit.
Set automatic locking device.
Set coordinates for main Bridge.
Set coordinates for the First City of the Klingon Imperial Empire.
Set coordinates nine seven zero three mark two six eight.
Set course and speed for Star Station India.
Set course for 'audet Nine.
Set course for Beta Kupsic.
Set course for Federation territory, warp two.
Set course for Gagarin Four, warp seven.
Set course for Isis Three.
Set course for Rhomboid Dronegar zero zero six, warp seven.
Set course for Styris Four, warp three.
Set course for Tau Cygna Five.
Set course for the Barradas system, warp six.
Set course for the Calder system.
Set course for the Devron system, maximum warp.
Set course for the Devron system, warp thirteen.
Set course for the Hyralan Sector and engage at warp nine.
Set course for the Lonka pulsar.
Set course for the nearest starbase.
Set course for the new coordinates, Mister La Forge.
Set course for the next closest station.
Set course for the site of the shuttlepod explosion.
Set course one one four mark two three zero, one third impulse power.
Set course three one seven mark seven three.
Set course three one zero mark two one five, warp six.
Set course to Algeron Four, Mister Crusher.
Set course to intercept.
Set course to intersect with the freighter.
Set course to rendezvous with the Hood.
Set course two five zero mark zero one five.
Set course two two three mark three five seven.
Set course zero three seven mark zero zero five, warp four.
Set course.
Set for high energy burst level six.
Set heading for Starbase Five One Five, warp nine.
Set it down and walk away.
Set main viewer on that tangent.
Set phaser power to three percent, narrow beam.
Set phasers to cut through it.
Set phasers to stun.
Set phasers to twenty five percent.
Set sensitivity factor to four point four.
Set sub-warp speed for towing, LaForge.
Set the anoynic beam to its highest level and flood Ten Forward.
Set the arc at six point three.
Set the computer.
Set the pattern enhancers around whatever object you wish to transport.
Set the sensors for maximum scan.
Set them for a display blast a thousand metres short of the planet's surface.
Set them on stun.
Set to detonate on impact with the Promellian vessel.
Set to kill.
Set up a command post and begin mapping out a search plan.
Set up a force field?
Set up a translink to their computer core.
Set up level one cranio-sacral display.
Set velocity.
Set warhead yields to level sixteen.
Set your phaser on kill.
Set your phaser to heavy stun.
Set.
Setting a course for Starbase two twenty.
Setting a new course at optimal shearing angle.
Setting a standard age for the Resolution makes it uniform for everybody.
Setting course for the fissure.
Setting seven ought to do it.
Setting, San Francisco California, United States Of America.
Settle in.
Settling all those people has been a strain on everyone.
Seven away.
Seven card stud, one-eyed jacks are wild.
Seven different shades of them.
Seven metres in from the opening along the wall.
Seven months, sir.
Seven more unusual incidents have been reported.
Seven people lost their lives down there, Captain.
Seven thirty sharp.
Seven to beam up.
Seven years ago.
Seven years!
Seven years.
Seven years?
Seven, look at that.
Seventeen degrees to port, Ensign.
Seventeen hours, thirty two minutes.
Seventeen hundred percent rise in gamma radiation levels.
Seventeen minutes.
Seventeen seconds.
Seventeen, sir.
Seventeen.
Seventy five cc's inoprovaline.
Seventy five years is a long time.
Seventy over twenty.
Seventy percent loss to the shields.
Seventy two percent.
Seventy years ago we denied them independence.
Sever modified beams.
Sever spinal cord at third vertebrae.
Several different programs are running simultaneously.
Several friends and I were on leave at Farspace Starbase Earhart.
Several hours at least.
Several injuries reported on deck twenty seven.
Several months.
Several of my people have been wounded.
Several possibilities suggest themselves.
Several technicians share that job.
Several thousand?
Several times with Captain Picard.
Several, sir.
Several?
Severe injuries.
Severe pain.
Sexual attraction in this context is not a part of my programming.
Shades of Gulliver's Travels.
Shaka indeed.
Shaka when the walls fell.
Shakespeare's The Tempest, Act Five, scene one.
Shaking hands, a form of greeting.
Shall I alert Lieutenant Worf?
Shall I call him for you, sir?
Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?
Shall I destroy them?
Shall I give you a few lessons?
Shall I guess your dreams?
Shall I have Mister Worf contact their ambassador?
Shall I have them brought in, sir?
Shall I kill him?
Shall I put them on the main viewer?
Shall I raise shields?
Shall I set course for Darwin Station?
Shall I tell Arkaria Base there'll be a delay?
Shall I tell her there's been some mistake?
Shall I tell him, sir?
Shall I tell you what true evil is?
Shall I transport them?
Shall I, sir?
Shall it be a test of strength?
Shall we allow our suspicions to destroy us?
Shall we begin again?
Shall we begin the scientific tests you wanted, sir?
Shall we begin?
Shall we continue accusing one another until hostility leads to violence?
Shall we die together?
Shall we go again?
Shall we go over them one by one?
Shall we go there now or remain in play?
Shall we go?
Shall we have at them?
Shall we meet on your vessel or mine?
Shall we proceed with our assigned duties?
Shall we proceed with the testing?
Shall we proceed?
Shall we raise shields?
Shall we retire till then?
Shall we separate the saucer?
Shall we transmit a warning to withdraw, sir?
Shall we wager on that, Captain?
Shame on you both.
Shame on you for thinking such a thing.
Shame on you, Mister Clemens.
Shame, madam?
Shame.
Shantil Three.
Sharing an orbit with God is no small experience.
Sharing?
Shatter the cranial exoskeleton at the tricipital lobe.
Shaving is a human art form, Data.
She achieved a very high score on a test of academic achievement.
She ain't said her name.
She already has access to the sum of human knowledge from me.
She already has.
She already knows what I want her to say before I'm aware of it myself.
She also expressed a desire to leave the colony.
She always seemed a little defensive.
She always used to talk about running a farm one day.
She always was strong-minded, even when she was a child.
She appears to be our best hope of doing so.
She appreciates the affection you've shown me.
She asked me to bring the Raman closer to the planet.
She at least has you.
She attacked two Federation officers.
She beamed down almost six hours ago, sir.
She began talking of plots and mutinies.
She believes it has already arrived?
She believes profoundly in this cause.
She believes the Picard is a magical figure.
She blamed them for our parents death.
She bundled me up and she told me to stay quiet as we left the compound.
She called it a school.
She called it.
She called out to me.
She came into Engineering today.
She came into Sickbay for her physical last week.
She can be frightfully trying at times, but she does make me laugh.
She can go back to the Enterprise.
She can use contractions.
She cannot ask for help from someone she does not know.
She carries the rank of Lieutenant Commander.
She claims to, Captain.
She comes in here full of drive and ambition.
She communicated with Maques telepathically just before she fell.
She cooked?
She could be a fake.
She could be anywhere by now.
She could be somebody if she only had the chance.
She could die.
She could do something with her life.
She could have become infected during the original mission.
She could have triggered the stun beams deliberately.
She cracked a spar when the Enterprise was shaken.
She cut through it.
She decided to leave.
She deserves better.
She did it!
She did?
She didn't abandon me, if that's what you mean.
She didn't answer me.
She didn't believe in a replicator.
She didn't die.
She didn't do anything.
She didn't just relieve pain and fight illness.
She didn't make it.
She didn't say.
She didn't.
She died a few years ago.
She died about a year ago.
She died instantly.
She died of an embolism.
She died of natural causes.
She died two years ago.
She died when I was little.
She died when I was very young.
She died, Lutan.
She does not care for older men.
She does want me to help.
She doesn't belong here.
She doesn't even belong in the uniform, as far as I'm concerned.
She doesn't have to know.
She doesn't respond.
She doesn't want to stay with Tog.
She erred.
She expects you to report in two weeks.
She experienced fear and confusion.
She felt it necessary to reveal that to you?
She found out only a few days ago and told no one but me.
She frightens me, Will.
She gave me back my life.
She gave me no choice.
She gets a full head of steam, doesn't she.
She got out at deck eight.
She had a quirky sense of humour.
She had her baby yesterday.
She had one sister named Shiana, she drank muskan seed punch.
She had questionable taste in literature.
She had that cat jumping into her arms on command.
She had the courage to stand up and fight for change.
She handled real meat?
She has a Romulan cloaking device?
She has a bad fracture and has serious internal injuries.
She has a pulse.
She has a remarkable talent with theoretical physics.
She has a small son of her own.
She has a wonderful sense of humour.
She has an image of you in her mind.
She has an incredibly focused mind.
She has appeared.
She has asked not to be treated differently.
She has been a host and a friend.
She has been abducted.
She has been contaminated by the people on that ship.
She has been injured.
She has blonde hair and a blue dress with white buttons.
She has cancelled the wedding.
She has developed an extreme sensitivity to light.
She has found me.
She has just returned from a three day class reunion on Starbase two three one.
She has made the first move in initiating a relationship with me.
She has my complete confidence.
She has no choice.
She has not been promised to anyone.
She has not complained of any discomfort.
She has opted for the only dignified option open to her.
She has performed her service to the Empire with distinction.
She has plans for herself.
She has potential, this one.
She has provided many answers.
She has suffered because of my pride and selfishness.
She has sworn to dedicate her life to exposing the dangers of warp drive.
She has to be the person she was born to be.
She has to find them first.
She has to laugh at my jokes.
She has told me about you.
She has work to do.
She has your full confidence?
She hasn't been feeling well.
She hates me, that's why she makes up stories about me!
She heads up the plant biology lab, you know.
She helped me create you.
She helped me so much.
She helped to colonise Arveda Three.
She hopes to apply to the Academy and eventually join Starfleet.
She insisted on talking to you.
She is a beautiful girl.
She is a beauty.
She is a cornerstone of Ventaxian theology.
She is a fine girl.
She is a rather lovely female.
She is a virtual prisoner in there.
She is a woman of extraordinary conviction, isn't she?
She is able to sense the emotions of other beings.
She is also beginning to show signs of the illness.
She is an Admiral.
She is an allasomorph.
She is correct, sir.
She is exhilarating, isn't she?
She is from a world now alien to me!
She is glorious.
She is going to have a baby.
She is headed into the sun's corona.
She is here.
She is his grandmother, Captain.
She is in grave danger.
She is innocent in all of this.
She is listed as representing the Betazed government at the conference.
She is lucky my patrol ship did not destroy her vessel on sight.
She is many things, none of them innocent.
She is my superior officer.
She is not dead!
She is only two weeks old.
She is remarkable.
She is requesting some freedom of movement and I intend to give it to her.
She is responsible for the death of a Cardassian soldier.
She is safe on this ship.
She is sending medical teams through the access tunnels.
She is so vibrant.
She is somebody.
She is squandering her inheritance.
She is still in the Finiis'ral, the height of her sexual allure, Captain.
She is the answer to a Ferengi prayer.
She is the last surviving member of her species.
She is to become my First One now.
She is to you.
She is too close to the star.
She is trying to put an end to all that.
She is very like a Klingon woman.
She is, what are the words?
She just transferred over at Starbase One Seventy Three.
She just wanted to thank you for bringing her home to her mother.
She keeps trying to dissect me!
She keeps trying to get me to play it.
She knew exactly what she was doing.
She knew him the longest.
She knew that wellbeing is more than a healthy body.
She knows exactly what she's doing.
She knows her stuff.
She knows me.
She knows nothing about this, Johnny.
She knows people.
She knows the people, the situation.
She knows this is one friend she won't have to leave behind.
She knows what's in your mind and she lets you know what's on hers.
She left the dinner last night with one of the Ullians.
She left the scanners to protect me, to give me anything I wanted.
She lets people die of thirst.
She lies.
She liked to sing.
She lived for about a week.
She lives!
She looked up at me and smiled.
She loves Western stories.
She loves him, without reservation.
She may be in the here and now, but it's the ghost he sees.
She may not be the only one.
She may resist you.
She means Worf.
She mentioned how much she was looking forward to seeing you again, Captain.
She might be able to persuade the others.
She must be tapping into some sort of power source to produce these effects.
She must have been a lot like you.
She must have brought a great deal of joy to your lives.
She must have had an internal explosion.
She must have left on that shuttle.
She must remain in her quarters.
She needs me to help her prepare for her future with the Q.
She needs our help.
She needs the transporter to get the boy back.
She needs training.
She never did.
She never knew what I really was.
She never said anything to you about being pregnant?
She never would admit this, but she has had a terrible time these last years.
She offers him everything.
She only got mean when I stopped paying attention to her.
She only lived a short time.
She only wanted to get to Troi and Lieutenant Prieto.
She outranks you?
She owns many things, many lands.
She probably tried to draw their fire.
She put us on track.
She ran after him.
She really believes she is the daughter of Tasha Yar.
She recently taught me.
She recognised me.
She refused to join, and she left as soon as she had the chance.
She requires very little supervision.
She resides in the Old Quarter of the First City.
She respects your opinion.
She runs Ten Forward.
She said I spoiled the joke.
She said I was cute.
She said he's lost his memory, but seems to be fine otherwise.
She said his grades are dropping, that he's becoming remote and defensive.
She said it was Isabella's idea.
She said no thanks.
She said she liked me, she liked being with me.
She said she'll be in touch with you in a few days.
She said that she saw you dead.
She said that?
She said the kitchen will be open twenty four hours if we change our minds.
She said they were going to come and kill everyone.
She said you'd be back.
She said you've been looking very tired.
She said, if they're not squirming, we won't eat 'em!
She said, you'd better leave us alone.
She said.
She says he's too ill to make the trip.
She says it tastes funny.
She seemed fine.
She seemed very sure that she was making the right choice.
She seems a very sturdy craft.
She seems to be crazy about you.
She seems to be fine.
She seems to want to help him.
She seems too delicate for such a task.
She seems very adversarial.
She sent me to tell you.
She sent them away.
She sets it down, turns out the lights and lies down.
She shared it with me.
She should be awake.
She specialises in spinal injuries like yours.
She spends all of her time with Isabella.
She spends most of her time sleeping.
She spills a few drinks every now and then, but she's learning.
She studies in our quarters.
She takes the initiative a little too easily.
She taught us all how to read.
She thinks that the damage may be completely reversed.
She thinks the honour of giving away the bride should fall on you.
She thought real food was more nutritious.
She thought that Noonian was an eccentric scientist who was too old for me.
She told me someone was trying to kill her.
She told me that she'd been to the shuttle.
She told me you enrolled Alexander in her class this morning.
She told you about them.
She took over after I left.
She touched it and cut it?
She tried to teach me too, but I just don't have the knack.
She understood her mission and my duty.
She used to keep them all over the house.
She used to sing to me.
She wanted me to come over and see her, but I was really busy at the time.
She wants to have a career and a family.
She wants to kill Hennesey!
She wants to leave the colony.
She wants to send them to school with the ship's children.
She wants to take you away from me.
She was a Romulan spy.
She was a botanist, then?
She was a formidable woman.
She was a pretty lass with a mane of red hair, and eyes like diamonds.
She was afraid of him.
She was all red.
She was also the first ship I ever served on as Chief Engineer.
She was among those few who survived.
She was an excellent Captain's wife, and a very good ship's counsellor.
She was barely an adult when I found her.
She was beginning to sense who I really was.
She was being impetuous.
She was bluffing, Worf.
She was born on Daled Four.
She was born on New Gaul about fifty years ago.
She was born to do this.
She was created as a holodeck character for one of Commander Data's programs.
She was crying.
She was designed to be the love of my life.
She was dressed for bed but the bed hadn't been slept in.
She was dying when we found her.
She was elderly.
She was eleven, maybe twelve, with blonde hair.
She was especially close to Commander Riker and Lieutenant Worf.
She was fantastic.
She was fine just yesterday.
She was great.
She was hopeless without a replicator.
She was idealistic, naive, full of dreams.
She was ill.
She was injured when the Crystalline Entity attacked.
She was killed as a demonstration of the creature's power, without provocation.
She was killed in a brutal, senseless act.
She was killed in the line of duty.
She was killed so that you could take her place.
She was lying.
She was my friend.
She was my ghojmoK, my nurse.
She was my wife.
She was ninety three.
She was on the ship with me.
She was only trying to serve me a drink.
She was part of a very special programme.
She was real.
She was responsible for a lot of the engine design on the Enterprise.
She was right behind me!
She was right there!
She was right.
She was sent there by you from the future.
She was so frightened.
She was special to me, sir.
She was taking me away from my home, my father, so I cried out.
She was the first Galaxy Class warship built by the Federation.
She was trying to help you.!
She was trying to save an old man who'd fallen.
She was upset.
She was very independent, very strong willed.
She was with Miss Sutter.
She was with you?
She was wondering if you might be willing to talk to Jeremy Aster at some point.
She was your mother, but she was my wife.
She was.
She wasn't a witness to this incident.
She wasn't anywhere near the weather station when Quint was killed.
She wasn't worried because I still had a month to go.
She wears a Starfleet uniform.
She went where?
She what?
She will be remaining on board.
She will be unhappy with the restrictions I must place on her at home, Captain.
She will die before she gives evidence.
She will grow up believing that her father is a traitor.
She will not be harmed, Jean-Luc.
She will not even listen to us.
She will not remember me, sir, but I will remember her.
She will obey you.
She will?
She wishes to be more like them.
She woke up every morning with a smile.
She won't budge.
She won't come when you call her?
She won't even go into her room.
She won't leave me alone!
She won't respond.
She won't survive much longer.
She would have been a child when that battle occurred.
She would have been happy for you, Sam.
She would have to be armed, sir.
She would have to be to get by on Camor Five.
She would never be able to influence anyone again.
She would never commit a crime.
She would not have told you anything.
She would take it personally.
She would.
She wouldn't even tell me her name.
She wrote very detailed descriptions of her experiences with Ronin.
She'd been ill for some time.
She'd just recovered from a terrible injury.
She'd lived a long life.
She'd make you a hell of a first officer.
She'll be all right.
She'll be difficult to forget.
She'll be transporting on board as soon as we reach the Starbase.
She'll change her mind again.
She'll come back to the Continuum, where she belongs.
She'll just have to start behaving like a Q.
She's Bajoran.
She's a Medical officer.
She's a Q.
She's a Starfleet officer.
She's a beauty, with a good crew.
She's a doctor.
She's a fine girl.
She's a fine ship, Will.
She's a formidable presence, to say the least.
She's a formidable woman.
She's a free, sentient being.
She's a friend of mine from the Archaeology Council.
She's a greedy and unscrupulous woman.
She's a lady, all right, and her name is Enterprise.
She's a lazy creature.
She's a little shaken up, but she's going to be.
She's a little slow, but she'll certainly get you to the Norpin colony.
She's a real good judge of character.
She's a starship captain.
She's a transport ship, used to ferry settlers.
She's a woman of very strongly held opinions, sir.
She's a wonderful teacher.
She's a, the doll's my cousin.
She's absolutely right, Alexander.
She's accelerating out of control.
She's alright now.
She's always been that way.
She's an empath.
She's an imp, and where she goes, trouble always follows.
She's an old friend.
She's angry.
She's as repulsive as the rest of them.
She's asked for you, sir.
She's back.
She's beautiful.
She's been in direct contact with the boy for eighteen minutes.
She's been on Seronia for weeks.
She's been the director of the Vulcan Science Academy for fifteen years.
She's been very upset.
She's being escorted right here.
She's being well cared for.
She's believed she's human all her life.
She's come to a full stop.
She's destined to rule an entire world.
She's diverting us from the purpose of my being here.
She's doing ink brush writing.
She's done honours work in neurobiology, plasma dynamics, and eco-regeneration.
She's enthusiastic all right.
She's expecting you.
She's extremely anxious.
She's found a vulnerability in you.
She's frightened.
She's from the Adelman Neurological Institute.
She's getting married?
She's going off half-cocked, not thinking this through.
She's going to be fine.
She's going to die.
She's going to hurt us all.
She's going to need reconstructive surgery, but I think she'll be all right.
She's got a crush on me, Data.
She's got a vicious temper.
She's got looks and bucks?
She's gotten herself into and out of impossible situations before.
She's growing cold.
She's here right now.
She's here!
She's here.
She's his superior officer in the nacelle tube?
She's human.
She's in Quantum mechanics.
She's in REM sleep.
She's in Vega-Omicron sector.
She's in league with him still, I'll warrant.
She's in the right place for it.
She's incredibly perceptive.
She's invisible.
She's irresponsible.
She's just been made director of the Daystrom Institute.
She's just coming out of a bad situation.
She's just getting cold feet.
She's just shy around men she doesn't know.
She's living in the Old Quarter.
She's looking forward to meeting you.
She's more intuitive.
She's more than ill, she's in a coma.
She's my friend.
She's my girl.
She's my responsibility.
She's never seen a bow.
She's new on the Enterprise.
She's no lady.
She's not a ghost.
She's not going to waste her time on someone like you.
She's not here yet.
She's not here.
She's not hiding that up her sleeve.
She's not holding anything back any more.
She's not much to look at.
She's not only a governess, she's also the girl's protector.
She's not responding to cortical stimulation.
She's not responding, Doctor.
She's not usually so sharp tongued.
She's not?
She's one of my technicians.
She's one very impressive young lady.
She's only half Betazoid.
She's over there.
She's perfect.
She's possessed of highly abstracted reality.
She's preparing the Cairn to meet with the Federation Council.
She's probably senile.
She's probably still there with the others.
She's quite a little spitfire, now isn't she?
She's quite attractive.
She's quite safe.
She's real now.
She's really been stripped down, Captain.
She's right here.
She's right, Data.
She's right, we have to act now.
She's safe here with me.
She's sleeping.
She's somewhere in the house.
She's such a plucky little thing, now, isn't she.
She's suspicious of everyone at first.
She's taking a sabbatical.
She's terrified that Isabella's going to hurt her.
She's the spitting image of her dad.
She's transporting over at oh seven hundred.
She's trapped.
She's trying to take Jeremy off the ship again.
She's under a lot of stress.
She's very attractive.
She's very confused by our resistance, Captain.
She's very important to me.
She's very large.
She's very old.
She's very, very pretty.
She's way ahead of you.
She's way out of your league.
She's worried about you.
She's worth listening to.
Shearing force is at one hundred three metric tons.
Shearing force ninety two metric tons.
Shearing force, eighty metric tons per metre.
Shelby to Bridge.
Shelby to Riker.
Shelby, report.
Sheliak Corporate.
Sherbourne and Barclay are running through the final testing sequence now.
Sheriff!
Sheriff, look out!
Sherlock Holmes programme three A has demonstrated some very curious anomalies.
Sherlock Holmes.
Shhh!
Shiana, I couldn't say this to anyone but you, but the panic?
Shiana, this time I ran away.
Shiana, you always said I'd look great with a wig, so here it is.
Shield effectiveness has been reduced twelve percent.
Shield failure.
Shield generators are overloading.
Shield levels are normal.
Shield modulation has failed.
Shield status?
Shield strength down to fifty two percent.
Shield strength dropping to seventy five percent.
Shield strength has dropped to sixty four percent.
Shield strength is down to thirty three percent.
Shields and deflectors are up.
Shields and deflectors up full, sir.
Shields and weapons systems are fully functional.
Shields and weapons systems unaffected.
Shields are at forty percent.
Shields are back up.
Shields are being drained.
Shields are down to three percent.
Shields are down, sir.
Shields are failing!
Shields are not responding.
Shields are rising.
Shields are shaky, but they're holding.
Shields are up to seventy two percent.
Shields are up, but only at twenty three percent.
Shields at sixty two percent.
Shields back online.
Shields buckling, Captain.
Shields down to nine percent.
Shields down to seventy percent.
Shields down to seventy three percent.
Shields down to sixteen percent.
Shields down to thirty percent.
Shields down to twenty seven percent.
Shields down.
Shields failing!
Shields have been automatically activated.
Shields have been penetrated.
Shields have been reduced forty one percent.
Shields have been restored.
Shields have registered an impact, however sensors show nothing in the vicinity.
Shields have registered an impact.
Shields holding.
Shields in place.
Shields inoperable, sir.
Shields just came on.
Shields reduced to one fifth intensity.
Shields say yes, sensors say no.
Shields still holding, sir, but they are down another fifteen percent.
Shields to maximum.
Shields undamaged.
Shields up, computer.
Shields up, photon torpedoes activated, sir.
Shields weakening, Captain!
Shields weakening, Captain.
Shields weakening.
Shields will be down in eighteen seconds.
Shields!
Ship and crew functioning normally, Captain.
Ship in distress.
Ship's Counsellor Deanna Troi.
Ship's Counsellor, Deanna Troi.
Ship's Counsellor, Lieutenant Commander Deanna Troi.
Ship's business.
Ship's business?
Ship's computer is accepting navigational inputs from the shuttle.
Ship's log, Commander William Riker reporting.
Ship's log, First Officer Riker reporting.
Ship's log, First Officer Riker.
Ship's power drain is critical, Captain.
Ship's regulations.
Ship's resources are your responsibility.
Ship's second officer.
Ship's sensors have detected the presence of a vessel approaching this planet.
Ship's sensors scan for both compounds.
Ship's speed has stabilised at one quarter impulse.
Ship's stabilisers.
Ship's status?
Ship's stores will have it.
Ship.
Shipley, programme the emitters for full spectrum pulse compression.
Ships in bottles.
Shipwide life support failure in fifteen seconds, sir.
Shock wave patterns within predicted range.
Shock, certainly, at the sight of serrated metal sticking through my chest.
Shoo, damn you, shoo.
Shoot me.
Shoot us.
Shoot.
Shore leave for the crew.
Short and long-range sensor scans negative, Captain.
Short and sweet.
Short-range craft, two twelve hundred fifty millicochrane warp engines.
Shortly before he died, he uncovered new data pinpointing its location.
Shortly, we hope to signal mission complete.
Shortly.
Should I break my promise, Father?
Should I call for an appointment ?
Should I drop the antimatter or wait for one of you?
Should I follow?
Should I get something for the pain?
Should I have ordered the death of Troi?
Should I incapacitate him, Commander?
Should I let him go?
Should I not stand with them in a time of difficulty?
Should I notify the away team?
Should I pursue a relationship with Lieutenant D'Sora?
Should I raise shields, sir?
Should I set a course?
Should I wait until after the service is over before beginning decontamination?
Should be able to?
Should we attack them before they get here?
Should we fire back?
Should we get a stasis unit?
Should we not rerun it?
Should we ring the bell?
Should we tell her?
Should you be beaming down there alone, unarmed?
Shouldn't Doctor Pulaski be involved in this?
Shouldn't I stay here and set up the remote link?
Shouldn't take any more than a couple of hours.
Shouldn't we assume that he is alive until it's been proved otherwise?
Shouldn't we consider that possibility?
Shouldn't we contact them and let them know.
Shouldn't we wait for the Captain's approval?
Shouldn't you be in the hydraulic chamber, Arthur?
Shouldn't you let his people die?
Show confidence in them.
Show me again.
Show me more, Father.
Show me someone on your crew who can do the job better than I can.
Show me something?
Show me the Bridge of the Enterprise, you chattering piece of
Show me the exercise menu.
Show me the shortest route to Transporter room one.
Show me to my quarters.
Show me what is funny.
Show me where the Enterprise children are in relation to this room.
Show me which ones.
Show my log entry for Stardate 47391.2.
Show the Commander's assistant whatever he wants to see.
Show them, Picard.
Show us.
Showing another power surge, sir.
Showing no higher brain functions.
Shunt the deuterium from the main cryo-pump to the auxiliary tank.
Shush.
Shut down all shuttlebays, transporters, and turbolifts.
Shut down all systems.
Shut down life support to those decks.
Shut down power to all transporters.
Shut down thrusters.
Shut in their rooms, dying alone.
Shut it down from here.
Shut my mouth.
Shut off that damned noise.
Shut off the power to the Bridge.
Shut that off.
Shut up, Q.
Shut up, Wesley?
Shut your mouth, Klingon.
Shutdown procedure initiated.
Shutting down all systems.
Shutting down all tractor emissions.
Shutting down non-critical systems.
Shutting down warp engines.
Shutting it down.
Shuttle One out.
Shuttle One, hold your position.
Shuttle has cleared the Jovis cargo bay.
Shuttle has cleared the bay door.
Shuttle has penetrated the Borg electromagnetic field.
Shuttle launch sequence confirmed.
Shuttle nine to Enterprise.
Shuttle nine, stand by.
Shuttle number two is ready for departure.
Shuttle occupant, identify yourself.
Shuttle three to Enterprise.
Shuttle twelve containment field reads nominal.
Shuttle, this is the Enterprise.
Shuttlebay is secure, sir.
Shuttlebay three force field activated.
Shuttlebay two is once again inactive.
Shuttlebay two, open hangar door.
Shuttlebay two, prepare for retrieval procedure.
Shuttlebay two, stand-by to launch the Egg.
Shuttlebay two.
Shuttlecraft Feynman to Enterprise.
Shuttlecraft One to Enterprise.
Shuttlecraft are all operational, as are the transporters.
Shuttlecraft four has just cleared.
Shuttlecraft has cleared the bay, sir.
Shuttlecraft, maintain your position and stand by.
Shuttles?
Shy?
Sick or well, you have ten minutes to beam him down.
Sickbay has an isolated system.
Sickbay here, Captain.
Sickbay here.
Sickbay is totally empty.
Sickbay on alert, Captain.
Sickbay reports Doctor Crusher's going to be fine.
Sickbay responding.
Sickbay to Commander Riker.
Sickbay to Doctor Crusher.
Sickbay to Worf.
Sickbay!
Sickbay, aye.
Sickbay, form a resuscitation team.
Sickbay, this is Counsellor Troi, I need the Doctor in my quarters now!
Sickbay, this is Picard.
Sickbay, this is the Bridge.
Sickbay, this is the captain.
Sickbay.
Sickening, crawly little things, don't you think?
Sickening.
Signal from anyone on the Captain's team.
Signal from the Captain.
Signal from the planet, Captain.
Signal overload.
Signal patterns indicate intelligence.
Signal received.
Signal source located, Captain.
Signal the Bradbury they may leave.
Signal the Romulan ship that the last group is on board.
Signal the fleet to get underway.
Signal the fleet to maintain yellow alert until further notice.
Signal the fleet to stand by.
Signal them at once.
Signal's holding.
Signal, the Ferengi should be able to pick that up.
Signals which are carrying direct commands to his brain.
Signed Rear Admiral Norah Satie, Starfleet Command.
Signed, Vice-Admiral Alynna Nechayev, Starfleet Command.
Significant increase in premotor area and hypothalamus activity.
Signs are returning to normal.
Signs of consciousness?
Signs of stress, adrenaline by-products higher than baseline.
Silence that child!
Silence the child, or send him away.
Silence your dog, Captain.
Silence, Klingon.
Silicon.
Silver grey in colour.
Similar conditions.
Similar to Romulan shields.
Similar.
Simon Tarses, Crewman First Class, medical technician.
Simple as that, huh?
Simple feelings, Data.
Simple, Geordi.
Simple.
Simpler days, huh?
Simpler, perhaps, but that's not the only issue.
Simply a security precaution.
Simply because Ramsey and his men are anarchists.
Simply because of one terrorist attack?
Simply securing the area.
Simply solve the mystery of Farpoint Station.
Simply speaking, we don't trust you.
Simply turn them off and be done with them.
Simply, finally, to rest.
Simultaneously?
Since I do not require sleep, I propose you take the shelf, sir.
Since I have none, no doubt she finds me as much of a mystery as I find her.
Since I'm the one who has made the so-called warp barrier meaningless.
Since Stardate 43587.
Since all of you believe Okona is the father of this child, then so be it.
Since both planets are gas giants, neither possesses a solid surface.
Since he's come back he's spent every off duty minute in that lab.
Since his recovery, he's manifested unusual abilities.
Since it put me in that chair.
Since the Federation alliance we have turned into a nation of mewling babies.
Since the Holodeck safety routine is in place, I know my life is not in danger.
Since the military took over hundreds of thousands more have died.
Since the pod is so small, it will be difficult to detect.
Since the two of you are closely related to each other.
Since then there are no indications that humans will ever change.
Since then, however, they have evolved considerably.
Since then, the Federation has colonised several planets in that sector.
Since then, the new technology has been available to the Ventaxians.
Since there are no indications that humans will ever change.
Since there is no intelligent life, the question is by what?
Since they left.
Since this morning.
Since we know nothing of these circumstances, it is at least conceivable, sir.
Since we located the Brittain, can you remember any of your dreams?
Since when did you become an expert on women?
Since when did you develop an interest in romantic historical figures?
Since when is talk trouble?
Since you beamed down.
Since you have all this power, why be concerned about our laws?
Since you have visited our vessel, you most certainly know the power of it.
Since you last called me Captain, since we were all together on the Enterprise?
Since you lost your ship saving ours, it seemed only fair.
Since you're able to diagnose my problems, how about helping me fix them?
Since you're concerned about these tests.
Singh probably repaired it just before he was killed.
Single digits on each cube are not at all desirable.
Sinkholes, underground rivers, and caverns.
Sir Guy of what?
Sir Guy, if anyone's been bewitched here, it's you.
Sir Guy, wait a minute.
Sir, Acamar Three has agreed to your request for access to their databases.
Sir, Captain Maxwell is hailing us.
Sir, Captain Maxwell, if he feels his back is to the wall, he'll strike.
Sir, Commander Shelby and Data beamed down to the planet surface an hour ago.
Sir, Counsellor Troi has recommended the examinations.
Sir, Danar has succeeded in restoring power to shuttlebay two.
Sir, Data's out there right now, monitoring the conditions on Drema Four.
Sir, Dirgo is dead.
Sir, I am certain we are being watched.
Sir, I am detecting a low-level nucleonic beam coming from the probe.
Sir, I am detecting a temporal distortion on the surface and human life signs.
Sir, I am detecting an object five metres in length.
Sir, I am finding it difficult to understand many aspects of Ansata conduct.
Sir, I am reading a vessel on long range scanners.
Sir, I am receiving an emergency transmission from the Pegos Minor system.
Sir, I believe I have found a correlation between the two deaths.
Sir, I believe she was the intended target of the abduction.
Sir, I can explain if you would just give me a moment.
Sir, I can find no other exits.
Sir, I can serve as an intermediary, a bridge back.
Sir, I don't want to let you down, I swear that I don't.
Sir, I estimate fourteen minutes until that mass gets here.
Sir, I happen to know that she considered you a friend.
Sir, I have acted within the boundaries of Klingon law and tradition.
Sir, I have an onboard systems failure.
Sir, I have analysed the residue from the explosions.
Sir, I have completed level one computer diagnostics.
Sir, I have determined what is malfunctioning on the freighter.
Sir, I have located the distress signal.
Sir, I have modified the Method for my own uses.
Sir, I have ruled.
Sir, I have several teams conducting a deck by deck search.
Sir, I have something to report to you immediately.
Sir, I have the Stargazer.
Sir, I knew you'd come.
Sir, I need temporary lodging.
Sir, I now feel anger from our Captain.
Sir, I protest.
Sir, I recommend we launch a probe to increase the range of our sensor sweeps.
Sir, I request you reject me as arbitrator.
Sir, I see no way for you to journey with an energy form.
Sir, I see show something coming out of that ship.
Sir, I think I'll stay and give her some help.
Sir, I think Tasha's been infected too.
Sir, I think we've found a match.
Sir, I will have to follow the rules of conduct for a Ventaxian jurist.
Sir, I', sensing a presence on the planet.
Sir, I'm a little puzzled.
Sir, I'm getting very strange reports from all decks.
Sir, I'm honoured you wanted me along.
Sir, I'm not fit to resume command.
Sir, I'm picking up a vessel closing in on our location.
Sir, I'm puzzled about your reversing our course.
Sir, I'm reading life forms on the planet.
Sir, I'm receiving an emergency transmission from the shuttle.
Sir, I'm sorry.
Sir, I've avoided opening my mind.
Sir, I've been trying to help.
Sir, Lieutenant Castillo is the last surviving senior officer.
Sir, Lieutenant La Forge in the crew quarters.
Sir, Lieutenant La Forge is a superior officer.
Sir, Lieutenant La Forge reporting.
Sir, Lieutenant La Forge's eyes are far superior to human biological eyes.
Sir, Mister Fajo is hailing us.
Sir, Radue is hailing us.
Sir, Romulan warbird decloaking directly ahead.
Sir, Sensors show a large magnetic disturbance on the star's surface.
Sir, Starbase one three three has no record at all of a Doctor Dalen Quaice.
Sir, Starfleet has just issued an alert.
Sir, a close orbit will increase sensor efficiency by only four percent.
Sir, a coded subspace signal from Romulus.
Sir, a vessel of some kind is attempting to penetrate our aft shields.
Sir, all of this is theoretical.
Sir, am I under investigation?
Sir, an unidentified ship is emerging from the limb of the moon.
Sir, another probe launched from the planet, heading toward the Romulans.
Sir, are you abandoning?
Sir, are you all right?
Sir, as Chief of Security, my place is at your side.
Sir, as my final duty as Acting Captain, I order you to bed.
Sir, at warp two we'll arrive at the pulsar in thirty one hours.
Sir, begging your pardon, but couldn't this wait til the morning?
Sir, containment field down on deck thirty six.
Sir, could you join us in the systems monitor room?
Sir, defensive shield around the structure is increasing in strength.
Sir, disruptors are standing by.
Sir, do you believe Ardra is, to use the vernacular, a con artist?
Sir, do you mock me?
Sir, do you remember when we took the shuttlecraft to Starbase five one five?
Sir, does this mean if you save me the entire crew could die?
Sir, drop the shields.
Sir, he is reading as fully human.
Sir, he must have known it would be impossible for us to deliver this.
Sir, helm growing unresponsive.
Sir, how is it that the Q can handle time and space so well, and us so badly?
Sir, hull temperature is rising.
Sir, if I do not succeed, how violent is the Sheliak reaction likely to be?
Sir, if a man were not afraid of the truth, he would answer.
Sir, if indeed you have the power of Q.
Sir, if you had any idea what it was like after that incident.
Sir, if you'll allow me to continue with Mister Data, who does not require rest.
Sir, in the past three years I've lived more than most people do in a lifetime.
Sir, is the appellation Junior to be the life form's official name?
Sir, is there really such a thing as a gik'tal challenge?
Sir, it contains everything we've discovered up to this point.
Sir, it could take more than two hours to reach the vessel.
Sir, it is I who has jeopardised our friendship, not you.
Sir, it is changing shape.
Sir, it is my intention to return, unless you order me not to.
Sir, it is necessary to assign them a security detail.
Sir, it is standard procedure that the second officer accompany the away team.
Sir, it would help if I knew what kind of life signs to look for.
Sir, let me beam down with a pattern enhancer.
Sir, let me beam over.
Sir, look out!
Sir, may I speak with you for a minute?
Sir, may I?
Sir, maybe I should get something to wipe this water up.
Sir, metaphasic shielding is losing integrity.
Sir, my sensors are picking up an unusual energy object ahead.
Sir, my sensors read it.
Sir, my son is not on the Bridge.
Sir, navigational subsystems are unable to give coordinates on the object.
Sir, new coordinates are being fed to the transporter by the exocomps.
Sir, no matter what I do, the energy goes somewhere else.
Sir, one of the moons around Pentarus Three registers as class M, barely.
Sir, one of the ships is breaking off and going towards the Enterprise-C.
Sir, other than ourselves, I am picking up no life signs here.
Sir, our concern is with the threat your vessel poses to the planet below.
Sir, our heading's been altered.
Sir, our options appear quite limited.
Sir, our sensors are showing that to be an absence of everything.
Sir, our velocity increased to warp seven point two five.
Sir, our weapon control systems are inoperative.
Sir, perhaps someone else would be a better choice.
Sir, please, you can't go in there.
Sir, putting you down there only strengthens their position.
Sir, reading unidentified vessel just entering sensor range.
Sir, receiving another signal of a vessel leaving orbit of Solarion Four.
Sir, recommend full phasers.
Sir, recommend we fire a spread of photon torpedoes into their field.
Sir, regret to inform you that the Captain appears to be infected.
Sir, respectfully submit our only choice is to fight.
Sir, sensors are coming back online.
Sir, sensors are detecting a subspace carrier wave headed for the ship.
Sir, sensors are picking up three vessels crossing the Neutral Zone.
Sir, sensors are showing additional instability in the time rift.
Sir, sensors are tracking the entity.
Sir, sensors indicate no spacecraft in the vicinity of Rana Four.
Sir, sensors indicate the attacking vessels are Federation ships.
Sir, shall I execute evacuation sequence?
Sir, shall I send for Doctor Crusher?
Sir, she has isolated her navigational control.
Sir, she is requesting a private channel.
Sir, shuttlecraft four has not yet cleared the Romulan ship.
Sir, sickbay reports Lieutenant Torres's condition is better.
Sir, similar incidents all decks, but only with the children.
Sir, something is dragging us forward.
Sir, something is heading toward us, bearing one oh three mark oh two four.
Sir, something unusual.
Sir, stay with me.
Sir, subspace radio is out.
Sir, that crawlway is in a warp-plasma shaft.
Sir, that heading takes us directly into the sun.
Sir, that heading will take us further into the planet's atmosphere.
Sir, that is not an appropriate basis for an effective performance.
Sir, that would place the ore directly off the ship's starboard bow.
Sir, the Angosians have no cloaking technology.
Sir, the Bajorans?
Sir, the Borg aren't following us.
Sir, the Borg have halted their approach to Earth.
Sir, the Borg ship is powering up its forward weapons array.
Sir, the Borg ship is taking up position relative to ours.
Sir, the Brechtian Cluster is now five light years away.
Sir, the Cardassian warship is moving on the Phoenix.
Sir, the Entity is beginning to resonate.
Sir, the Federation does have enemies.
Sir, the Ferengi are standing by for us to take possession of the Stargazer.
Sir, the Ferengi ship's power has stabilised.
Sir, the Ferengi vessel is moving out of orbit.
Sir, the Hood has arrived at the rendezvous point.
Sir, the Hood is slowing to impulse.
Sir, the Maquis ships are breaking formation.
Sir, the Maquis squadron is coming into sensor range.
Sir, the Meltasion asteroid belt lies between here and the sun.
Sir, the Phoenix has dropped out of warp.
Sir, the Romulan torpedoes are continuing to arm and disarm.
Sir, the Romulan warbird has altered course once again.
Sir, the Romulans are hailing us.
Sir, the Tamarians are fully capable of stopping a shuttle.
Sir, the beam is penetrating our shields.
Sir, the core is composed of nitrium and chrondite.
Sir, the detection net is picking up activity from the Romulans.
Sir, the disturbance on Melona is becoming more intense.
Sir, the energy level of the wave has increased by a factor of twelve.
Sir, the entity was caught in the ship's circuitry.
Sir, the field strength is stabilising.
Sir, the fleet's been ordered to Gamma Eridon.
Sir, the freighter is disintegrating.
Sir, the hull temperature of the freighter is passing three thousand degrees.
Sir, the important thing right now is why is Commander Riker missing?
Sir, the language of the contract seems carefully chosen to avoid any loopholes.
Sir, the life form is draining energy directly from the fusion reactors.
Sir, the magnetic distortion has reappeared.
Sir, the mercenaries have beamed away.
Sir, the message is for Jeremiah Rossa.
Sir, the onboard power systems are not functioning.
Sir, the other Romulan ship on an intercept course.
Sir, the planet's troposphere is distorting our signal.
Sir, the pod's life support system is failing.
Sir, the purpose of this gathering confuses me.
Sir, the scans are now matching the frequency of our optical data network.
Sir, the shields are back down.
Sir, the shields are back up.
Sir, the shields aren't responding.
Sir, the shuttle is entering the corona.
Sir, the shuttle's inertial dampeners have failed.
Sir, the subspace distortion continues to increase.
Sir, the transfer interface was not designed for that configuration.
Sir, the turbolift is moving again.
Sir, the vessel has already changed course to intercept us.
Sir, the wave has increased in velocity to warp four point one.
Sir, the wave's power signature is fluctuating.
Sir, their minds are set.
Sir, there are also four moons in the Pentarus system that could support life.
Sir, there are beam-down coordinates encoded within the carrier signal.
Sir, there are life forms present in that biolab.
Sir, there is a celebration on the Holodeck.
Sir, there is an audio message from Commander La Forge.
Sir, there is an energy build-up in the Yamato's Engineering section.
Sir, there is an incoming message.
Sir, there is an incoming transmission from Admiral Nakamura.
Sir, there is no indication of other Borg activity within sensor range.
Sir, there is no war.
Sir, there's microcrystalline damage all throughout this area.
Sir, they are hailing us.
Sir, they are moving off, resuming their tachyon scans of the system.
Sir, they are powering up their weapon systems.
Sir, they have taken Commander Riker.
Sir, they know much about the Essex.
Sir, they may know as little about us as we do about them.
Sir, they will be able to dismantle its shields.
Sir, they're activating weapons.
Sir, they're firing on the planet again.
Sir, they're firing on the shuttlecraft.
Sir, they're massing a surge of power.
Sir, they've done it.
Sir, this installation is big enough to hold hundreds of people.
Sir, this is Commander Data.
Sir, this is a private matter.
Sir, this is pointless.
Sir, three minutes to resonator launch.
Sir, unauthorised access of turbolift five on deck thirty four.
Sir, unless you leave this house immediately, I will send for the police.
Sir, warp core temperature is rising.
Sir, warp power is fading.
Sir, we are approaching Klavdia Three.
Sir, we are being hailed again by the Academy.
Sir, we are being hailed by Governor Vagh.
Sir, we are being hailed by the Borg.
Sir, we are being hailed on a secured channel by Captain DeSoto.
Sir, we are now being hailed.
Sir, we are now twenty minutes from Omicron Theta, mark!
Sir, we are picking up an object emerging from the corona.
Sir, we are within weapons range.
Sir, we can anticipate a violent response to our presence.
Sir, we cannot be able to track them with our sensors if they go to warp.
Sir, we don't have any water.
Sir, we have come this far.
Sir, we have lost contact.
Sir, we have not yet established that that is truly a gateway.
Sir, we have reached the designated coordinates.
Sir, we have to get this ship to a starbase medical facility.
Sir, we should be within phaser range in twenty three seconds.
Sir, we're at Warp nine three.
Sir, we're going in.
Sir, we're talking about hours here.
Sir, we've been thrown clear of Beta Stromgren.
Sir, we've got to get that ship down to impulse.
Sir, we've had this conversation a hundred times.
Sir, we've reached the coordinates of the conduit.
Sir, welcome.
Sir, what do the initials A F stand for?
Sir, what he has in mind might provide us with vital information.
Sir, where is your transporter room?
Sir, will I be able to schedule a performance for the crew in the near future?
Sir, without communication, we should beam up immediately.
Sir, without him we have no hope of deciphering the programme.
Sir, would you happen to be married?
Sir, you are my commanding officer.
Sir, you don't know this.
Sir, you have no sense of fair play.
Sir, you must be worth quite a bit to own a fine ship like this.
Sir, your attention is wandering.
Sir, your submicron matrix activity is increasing exponentially.
Sir.
Sisters.
Sit at Ops.
Sit down over there, young man.
Sit down, Gillespie.
Sit down, I'll get the osteotractor frame.
Sit down, both of you.
Sit down, gentlemen.
Sit down, please.
Sit down, son.
Sit here in Command.
Sit tight, Commander.
Sit!
Sit, friend.
Sit, please.
Sit, sit.
Site to site transport interlocks have been manually deactivated.
Sito, Jean and me, we don't have a problem with this.
Sito?
Situation is under control.
Situation report, Number One.
Situation report.
Situation, Doctor.
Situations like these are never easy, Number One.
Six Mintakans died in a flood last winter.
Six hooves.
Six hour?
Six hours alone with you.
Six hours in front of us.
Six hours, to be exact.
Six hours.
Six is your number.
Six metres.
Six point seven?
Six seconds to impact.
Six to beam up, now!
Six years.
Sixteen eleven hours.
Sixteen seconds to impact.
Sixteen seconds.
Sixteen years, you'd think I'd be able to hit that note.
Sixty cc's of inaprovaline.
Sixty crewmen have begun exhibiting strange behavioural changes.
Sixty five seconds to seal off.
Sixty percent of my mobility.
Sixty schoolchildren.
Sixty seven percent of its surface is covered with water.
Sixty-six.
Size is not the most important thing.
Skill, cunning, powers of observation are the most important weapons.
Skills still in place but personal knowledge is unavailable.
Skin feels clammy, but you say you feel fine?
Skoran said you're some kind of creature.
Sky's full of Federation ships.
Slang, sir.
Sleep well, sir.
Sleep, Data.
Sleeping alone?
Sleigh ride?
Slightly altered to transmit an omnidirectional signal and an emergency call.
Slightly reminiscent of night blooming throgni, Captain.
Slim.
Slow down.
Slow it down.
Slow to half impulse, and take us into orbit above the third planet.
Slow to idle, Geordi.
Slow to impulse power.
Slow to impulse speed.
Slow to one quarter impulse.
Slow to ten metres per second.
Slow, sir?
Slowing to one eighth impulse.
Slowing to one half impulse.
Slowly, but yes.
Slowly, slowly.
Small animals, no, but horses.
Small talk.
Small, but adequate.
Smaller.
Smart kid.
Smart plan.
Smell!
Smells awful, doesn't it?
Smells good.
Smells, sounds, and images from the present could possibly trigger them.
Smiling would break his concentration.
Smoke?
Smooth ride?
Snake eyes.
Sneezing, for example.
Sneezing.
Sneezing?
Snips and snails and puppy dog tails?
Snootful?
So Gowron has come on board in order to test your claim.
So I am here to apprehend him?
So I am sentient, but Data is not?
So I ask you again, why?
So I ask you respect my wishes and leave.
So I figured that they'd had a memorial service for me.
So I guess you didn't know you weren't supposed to take them.
So I had a little trouble getting into the dress.
So I hear.
So I incorporated her programs back into my own.
So I let you believe it was Okona.
So I made the decision.
So I might as well enjoy it.
So I propose a compromise.
So I ran an optical diagnostic which traced the problem to Geordi's visor.
So I repeat, cloaking shields off!
So I should scan myself with each one to make sure all the readouts are working?
So I stopped, figuring he'd get the point and do it himself.
So I want you all to stop crying.
So I was here.
So I was seeing through his eyes.
So I will say goodnight.
So I worked long and hard, and now I believe I've succeeded.
So I'd take a good, hard, long look at her, La Forge.
So I'm discovering.
So I'm going to talk to Picard about it.
So I'm just a small variable in one of your new computational environments?
So I'm neither qualified nor willing.
So I've gathered.
So Klingons did board the station?
So Lal now possesses the sum of my programming.
So Tasha took care of me, and when I was old enough I joined the Coalition.
So a deal was struck.
So alike.
So all eighteen reactors were affected when the computer was damaged?
So all the prosthetics and surgical techniques I can use wouldn't work.
So am I, Mister Worf.
So are the medical records.
So are the ship's phasers.
So are the tactical arrays, defensive and offensive.
So be it, fool!
So brace yourselves.
So can I.
So close to the Neutral Zone it can't be random.
So cold.
So controlled.
So could the old man.
So did Doctor Frankenstein.
So did her parents.
So did we hit something or not?
So did we, sir.
So disciplined.
So do I, Doctor.
So do I, Number One.
So do I, but I don't want to stay here forever.
So do it.
So do nothing and thousands will die.
So do the phase transition coils.
So does his grandson.
So don't you see?
So don't you think we ought to run an ico-spectrogram?
So far I've been forced to confine over three hundred to their private quarters.
So far as he knew, sir, you could have been dead.
So far as we can tell, there's nothing out there to hit.
So far our survey team has found no deaths or injuries among the crew.
So far the project has been fraught with problems, and is well behind schedule.
So far we haven't come close to that.
So far we're using everything we've got just to keep up with them.
So far, Mother's in no danger.
So far, it has proved most illuminating.
So far, my attempts at persuasion have been ineffective.
So far, no sign of coalescent behaviour has surfaced.
So far, sickbay force fields don't seem to have been affected.
So far, so good.
So far, the effective range is only few kilometres, but we're working on it.
So far, these transfer conduits are clean, too.
So far, we believe we have pinpointed Lutan's government compound.
So forgive me if a stray he or she slips by, okay?
So fragile.
So futile.
So get back to your post.
So glad you could come.
So go away and find someone else to become your property.
So go handle it!
So hard to stay warm.
So he can have a pipe and mug of beer in peace.
So he can participate in the destruction of his entire species.
So he is.
So he said.
So he turned on Maura.
So he was cheating?
So he's just floating around out there?
So here we are, on a world circling that distant point of light.
So here you are.
So his life never came into focus.
So how can actions that are wrong lead to a greater good?
So how do we cut the puppet's strings?
So how is he?
So how much do you remember?
So if they will not fight back, what will you do?
So if time and anti-time were to collide
So if we attack them, they will return fire.
So in a sense, they are learning.
So in other words, you slipped out.
So indeed, we are both us at different points along the same time continuum.
So is Isabella.
So is Konmel.
So is the science vessel's.
So is this request, sir.
So it is, so it is.
So it is.
So it kept us from forming a subspace field for the warp drive?
So it seems.
So it started with the war?
So it was a good ceremony?
So it was necessary to keep me captive?
So it was your idea?
So it's possible something is happening to you.
So it's true.
So it's your desire to leave the holodeck to be with him.
So jump to it.
So just tell me to shut up, Wesley, and I will.
So let him tell the inquiry what he thinks happened.
So let me just apologise for all the mistakes I'm about to make as you grow up.
So let's continue on course.
So let's put all of our cards on the table.
So lonely, for so long.
So long as I accept the terms under which you dole out those comforts.
So long as Moriarty has control of the ship, we are vulnerable.
So long as we're in no danger, I will make every effort to communicate.
So long as you can still do that, then you deserve to wear that uniform.
So long, Hugh.
So long, Quark.
So long, Ro.
So lovely.
So many brilliant, wonderful minds, just gone.
So many have died that both societies are on the verge of extinction.
So many minds on this ship, all free.
So many parents could learn so much from the two of you.
So many questions.
So much effort, so little accomplished.
So much for lunch.
So much for that being a fluke.
So much for that idea.
So much for the cease fire.
So much for the transporter.
So much for the welfare of this colony.
So much for your new turkey.
So much for your reprieve from Starfleet.
So much frustration.
So much loveliness here, just a few metres away from such desolation.
So much more than just Beverly.
So much suffering.
So much, that they're afraid we won't part with it.
So naturally you're a little possessive about them.
So nice to see you again so soon.
So no one is willing to test that perception in combat.
So now Gowron no longer suits you.
So now that we've had this unique experience, what do we do?
So now what?
So obviously they are greatly sought after as mates.
So on reflection you'd rather be a traitor than a hero.
So once again, thank you for your help.
So our task is to find the ship, and tell the Klingons they're no longer at war.
So she advised this council?
So she learned all about roots and herbs, and then taught it to me.
So she left me.
So should you, Admiral.
So some external force was needed.
So something about this situation has recently changed.
So something did happen to me in the transporter beam.
So strange?
So tell me about yourself, Jean-Luc.
So tell me quickly.
So tell us, Lwaxana.
So that I can learn from it and construct more.
So that I don't have to touch an alien.
So that means we should bond for life?
So that takes care of the why.
So that they could chase him down and take away that life away?
So that was Tam Elbrun.
So that was my first experience as a scientific diplomat.
So that you can wake with the dawn and begin the hunt again.
So that's how I learned my first law.
So that's how it goes.
So that's the story.
So that's what all this equipment is here for.
So that's what this is all about.
So that's why the ship's instruments have become so erratic.
So that's why you married me.
So that's your science project, huh?
So the Federation sensors that monitor the Neutral Zone just missed it?
So the Hera's in one piece somewhere out there?
So the Romulans sent out a distress call.
So the Sheliak weren't hallucinating.
So the anomaly is here too, at Earth.
So the betrayer is herself betrayed.
So the entire ship has been affected.
So the first task is to test Mister Data's hypothesis.
So the guy staggers to his feet and goes back to the girl, right?
So the head is down.
So the only way out is by the transporter.
So the only way this is going to work is if we calibrate them manually.
So then you deliberately used Deanna.
So then, will you allow me to show you my recreation of the end of this story?
So there are limits to her power.
So there was a trick.
So these introns are causing her DNA to re-combine in an earlier configuration?
So they colonised those worlds?
So they could have appeared on Earth as humans.
So they didn't go in willingly.
So they kept up with us by sacrificing their ability to re-enter Romulan space.
So they killed her.
So they tailored a fake weapon to lure Picard.
So they wanted to destroy me, did they?
So they were collecting samples from the plasma streamer.
So they've decided that the joining will be half Betazed, half Earth.
So this is affecting the entire crew.
So this is the Bridge of the Enterprise.
So this is the big goodbye.
So this is where you've been hiding.
So this will be something new, something created by the computer?
So those times were really special.
So to speed up the process, you are preparing for war.
So typical.
So was I.
So was O'Brien.
So we become friends?
So we can beam through a higher distortion field.
So we can talk.
So we dance around each other until somebody wins.
So we just sit here and watch our ship disintegrate around us?
So we know the Entity leaves antiprotons behind.
So we make an exception in the deaths of millions.
So we may be doing this all over again?
So we searched for the true reason you were sent.
So we sent three representatives to study them, to experience them.
So we walked into the school and we don't know what to expect.
So we will.
So we'll help them.
So we've evolved a very simple way of living.
So what am I going to do?
So what are we going to name this nebula?
So what are you saying?
So what brings you here?
So what did I do wrong?
So what did you do?
So what did you think of Maques?
So what did you think of the Antedeans, Wesley?
So what do I do?
So what do we do now?
So what do we do?
So what do you think?
So what else has your research uncovered about William Riker?
So what happened down there?
So what happened to you two down on Mariposa?
So what happened?
So what have you concluded?
So what if we team up?
So what impact will that have on fatal exposure?
So what is it?
So what is the point?
So what kind of game is this?
So what the hell am I supposed to do now?
So what the hell is going on here?
So what's next?
So what's the cause of my headache?
So what's the delay, Number One?
So what's the point?
So what's the prognosis, Doc?
So what's their condition?
So what.
So what?
So when their warships decloaked, they took us completely by surprise.
So when you return from school tonight, I'll be meeting with the village elders.
So where was I?
So while I was there, I tried to teach them.
So who are the possible suspects?
So who are you looking for?
So who have you got so far?
So why be our enemy, when you can be our friend?
So why can't we move?
So why do people start?
So why do you now live in huts?
So why don't you drop a few coins in the jar and I'll see what I remember.
So why not combat that tendency with a little simple courtesy.
So why were you rolling around in Cypirion cactus?
So will your brother.
So without understanding humour, I have somehow mastered it.
So would I, Admiral.
So would I.
So you agree with Okona that I am missing a very important human factor.
So you are making an accusation.
So you asked to serve aboard the Enterprise to watch me.
So you believe her, Counsellor?
So you believe that having children gives humans a sense of immortality, do you?
So you believe that what you saw was some kind of transmission?
So you believe the wedding will still proceed?
So you blame us for what has happened to the Borg?
So you brought me here because you didn't want to face him alone.
So you came back to Starfleet.
So you came to me for help.
So you can become used to someone?
So you can imagine how much this means to me.
So you can see I don't particularly welcome your presence here.
So you concocted an elaborate ruse to bring me here.
So you decided to emulate your emancipators, huh?
So you did a transfer from your brain into Lal's.
So you did steal it?
So you do not live here?
So you do not remember?
So you do purport to be the mythic figure Ardra?
So you gathered all these scientists to come hear this Ferengi.
So you have not changed the watch rotation.
So you just energise this damned thing and get me down there!
So you know who they are and you know where I can find them.
So you let me chase Okona when you knew he was innocent.
So you let the colonists fight a hopeless battle.
So you like horses for the romance?
So you made better nanites.
So you made your nine year old brother believe that he'd killed you?
So you may as well drop this pretence.
So you mean I have bad genes?
So you mean I'm drunk!
So you met a computer-simulated female.
So you must know Commander Konsab.
So you overcame it?
So you promise that Wesley Crusher is safe until sundown?
So you resign?
So you said, what's going on?
So you saw I was unhappy and did what you concluded would make me feel better.
So you say everything here has some significance?
So you see I'm so looking forward to this new experience.
So you see, the Enterprise belongs to me now as well.
So you see, we must know more about this human condition.
So you should.
So you sit alone in crowded rooms staring at your drink.
So you stole it.
So you tell me, which one of us would you say has more of a problem with ethics?
So you think it would be unwise to let Endar see Jono?
So you think that Rocha was killed by one of these organisms?
So you think this is their flight plan?
So you think this quantum fissure is nothing that we need to worry about?
So you took the whole dose.
So you took this form for our benefit?
So you treat me as an equal.
So you understand I could never survive in confinement.
So you were angry with her?
So you were emotionally affected by the music.
So you were prepared?
So you wiped my memory processors after this childhood.
So you'd be well advised to follow Pressman's orders and leave it at that.
So you'd better be ready next year, Wesley.
So you'd better find a gift.
So you'd better take a hold of yourself, or be prepared for a transfer.
So you're going to beat him?
So you're no longer a human?
So you're not attracted to me.
So you're taking on Riker this time.
So you're the one who's fouled up my engine designs.
So you're trying to establish a dominant position by making him wait for you.
So you've accepted you're not from a starship?
So you've got the Klingon version of the measles.
So you've got to get your crew out of here before that happens.
So you've made your choice after all, and without my help.
So you've reconsidered the plan?
So your blood is not so thin after all.
So's my father.
So'wl'chu'.
So, Beverly.
So, Captain how long shall we stare at each other across the Neutral Zone?
So, Data, I guess you're the brains of this outfit, huh?
So, Data, how was it?
So, I am asking you for a leap of faith, and to trust me.
So, I did not do any of the things that I remember.
So, I don't have any idea what you might be feeling just now.
So, I think we had better start planning a mutiny.
So, I trust you have a bit more respect for me now.
So, I want other options.
So, I will play the role that they would have me play.
So, I'm guilty, okay?
So, I'm here to pay up.
So, Jameson.
So, Jeremy, you must be very angry at Lieutenant Worf.
So, Lieutenant, haircut today?
So, Madeline, I'll see you later.
So, Number One, let's go to our next job.
So, Q, I thought you told me that I was dead.
So, What we need is a medical ship.
So, Worf, why the interest in this?
So, after that you ran away?
So, all that's left of my sister is a file in a computer.
So, are they working on crew evaluations?
So, are you just going to lounge while we all have work to do around here?
So, before we started, he gallantly offered to help me straighten up.
So, come on, Jean-Luc.
So, did you get my message?
So, did you have a nice vacation?
So, did you kill that Cardassian?
So, do you still wish to pursue this most dangerous game?
So, do you want to talk about it?
So, fellas, tell me your troubles.
So, got any ideas on how we generate a kedion pulse?
So, has she picked a place?
So, have you decided where you're going yet?
So, he has access to the computer.
So, he may not have even known it was there.
So, he won't throw you off the Council?
So, here then, in the simplest possible terms, what I do.
So, here.
So, how are you anyway?
So, how are your lessons going?
So, how did you feel about the Captain, about your father?
So, how does it feel being with people again?
So, how have you been?
So, how old are you, Mister Worf?
So, how was the reunion?
So, how's life at the Academy?
So, if you are sacred, then you must treat yourself with respect.
So, if you had it to do all over again?
So, if you have rooms for us?
So, if you'll just step aside gracefully.
So, is there a runaway cadet in here?
So, it begins.
So, it comes down to a simple question.
So, it seems you have another dilemma.
So, it's a done deal?
So, it's like a cosmic string?
So, it's not just raw intelligence we're talking about here.
So, make your sculpture make me think of flying, too.
So, my brother is a human being after all.
So, my little warrior wants to see more in life than just fighting.
So, no course correction is necessary.
So, old friend.
So, one more time.
So, shall we start going over the personnel reports?
So, son, how are you?
So, tell me about your work.
So, tell me everything you know about Vertiform City.
So, tell me, why is it so important that you find this man?
So, that would make me your?
So, that's why you want that backward ritual.
So, the Captain must be prepared for unusual cunning.
So, the answer is yes.
So, the juxtaposition of gender and an amphibian briefcase is funny.
So, they have made this possible.
So, they used that expertise and turned to cloning.
So, this is a space ship?
So, this is my fault?
So, this is where you've been hiding, Jean-Luc.
So, this is your doing, Lursa.
So, this time you were lucky.
So, we are in law enforcement.
So, we are just going to remain here?
So, we are not yet as advanced as they are.
So, we change horrors.
So, we left you.
So, were you getting tired of my company?
So, what are you doing out here?
So, what are your plans?
So, what did you wish for, Will?
So, what do I do?
So, what do we do now?
So, what do you do?
So, what do you say?
So, what do you suggest we do?
So, what do you think of your enemy, Captain Picard?
So, what do you think?
So, what do you want do about it?
So, what do you want to see me about?
So, what else can I show you?
So, what happened when you first approached it?
So, what have you been able to find out?
So, what have you been doing for the past decade?
So, what if that's what happened?
So, what will Baran do once he's obtained the second artefact?
So, what would you like?
So, what's been happening here?
So, what's he like?
So, what's in the box?
So, what's our status?
So, what's your dilemma?
So, when we reach that point, whatever happened will happen again.
So, where are you off to now?
So, where are your new quarters?
So, where exactly is the location?
So, where have you decided to go?
So, where is everybody?
So, while we still have some power left, it is time for difficult decisions.
So, who knows?
So, who won the contest?
So, why don't we get together later?
So, yeah, I'm nervous.
So, you and Andrew Powell?
So, you and Miss Henshaw have been seeing a lot of each other.
So, you are a sceptic, Worf.
So, you are saying Captain Picard had no control over this vessel.
So, you arrived all right.
So, you kept the name.
So, you need time to get into uniform.
So, you'd confidently try again.
So, you'll have a chance to visit the surface?
So, you're Ronin.
So, you're not totally out of practice.
So, you're still alive.
So, you've heard?
So.
Soaring, incredible range.
Sobi and Langor, they decided to let you have it.
Social unit formed by a family living together.
Socrates, Galileo.
Soft.
Sokath, his eyes open!
Sokath.
Solar flares are increasing in magnitude, Captain.
Solar interference is too high.
Solar radiation is rendering our sensors inoperable.
Solid propellant?
Solid, reliable.
Solis is doing a fine job.
Solis, correlate the trajectory of the energy bolts with the attack path.
Soliton wave is steady.
Solok is a very busy, very important man.
Solok is no smuggler.
Solve any new problems today?
Solving them, no sir, but I can eliminate one worry.
Some Borg fought each other.
Some Brahms!
Some are almost respectable.
Some cake?
Some calisthenics programs are better than others.
Some children are certainly making a lot of noise in here.
Some concessions had to be made, and this is one of them.
Some curiosities.
Some day.
Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you.
Some demonstration of defence training?
Some do.
Some eager beaver at play.
Some electrically conductive objects.
Some energy readings about two kilometres south of here.
Some feel like they have fevers, others are freezing like Counsellor Troi.
Some females think they are my best feature.
Some form of passive resistance.
Some form of tai chi chuan?
Some fresh air and a brisk walk will do you good.
Some have escaped.
Some have strong inclinations to maleness, and some have urges to be female.
Some kind of a trick?
Some kind of alien information has been downloaded into our computer core.
Some kind of anionic energy.
Some kind of artefact, and it has something very similar to this.
Some kind of coercive device?
Some kind of corrosion?
Some kind of force field went up.
Some kind of guerilla war?
Some kind of high energy distortion wave.
Some kind of intermittent EM field pattern.
Some kind of plasma reaction is consuming the lower atmosphere.
Some kind of reaction to our phaser fire, perhaps.
Some like quiet, demure women.
Some might define that as the role of a first officer.
Some mistakes?
Some more than others.
Some of it I do understand.
Some of it was real.
Some of my log recorders are still in my observation post.
Some of the Federation's best engineering minds participated in its development.
Some of the indicators are totally depressed, others are fluctuating wildly.
Some of the most distinguished men in history have worn beards, Doctor.
Some of the pictures have names on, but most of them don't.
Some of the time together, sometimes separately.
Some of them claim that cats are inherently untrainable.
Some of them connect with the environmental control ducts.
Some of them could be used in the creation of an explosive reaction.
Some of them could have passed through this.
Some of them deeper than this one.
Some of them have been there for decades.
Some of them may feel uncomfortable with Cardassians on board.
Some of them still have traces of blood and poison.
Some of them very good ideas.
Some of them, yes.
Some of these microbes are also in your body, Reg.
Some of those among us are suspicious.
Some of us chose to stay, take our chances.
Some of us even love you.
Some of us have seen strange patterns emerging.
Some of us still go naked.
Some of us survived.
Some only respond to physical attractiveness.
Some other choice than firing on them.
Some other time perhaps.
Some other time, Number One.
Some other time, Q.
Some other time.
Some people experience hallucinations.
Some people felt that it was necessary.
Some people just don't wish to transact business with the Federation, Commander.
Some people say words that end with a K are funny.
Some planet?
Some problem in Engineering.
Some problem, Riker?
Some processors might still be down.
Some see it as a changing into an indestructible form, forever unchanging.
Some sexual attraction from all the males.
Some show of force.
Some sort of compulsion like a post-hypnotic command?
Some sort of energy beam.
Some sort of interference.
Some sort of mimetic ability?
Some sort of parasite.
Some sort of scanning device, sir.
Some suspected that what was happening to them was not evil.
Some tea?
Some tearing of the ligaments.
Some things improve with age.
Some type of tractor beam has locked onto us.
Some unusual low intensity transmissions from the Ferengi vessel.
Some unusual physical disfigurations have occurred.
Some way to get a signal through to him.
Some wine, some cheese?
Some would call it good leadership.
Some you just can't believe.
Somebody blew the hatch.
Somebody could get hurt.
Somebody else might have given in, but I didn't.
Somebody else must know about this programme.
Somebody has to answer for that.
Somebody has to kill all those rumours you keep hearing about me.
Somebody help!
Somebody hit me.
Somebody left an object in my room.
Somebody on the High Council.
Somebody stood here.
Somebody stop him!
Somebody who knows what it's really like out here.
Somebody'd better.
Somebody's going to have to be looking directly at us.
Somebody's here.
Somebody's locked out the controls.
Somebody's taken his place.
Somebody, help me!
Somebody?
Someday I'm going to be a starship captain.
Someday you'll make yours.
Someday, I'll be leaving for my starship, too.
Someday, if you work hard, you will become a warrior.
Someday, you'll see it all for yourself.
Someday, you'll visit Rosseau Five, and many other places, all more spectacular.
Somehow I don't think they'll let us beam over there and ask them.
Somehow I doubt you'd find life aboard a starship suitable to your taste.
Somehow I had the feeling the opposite would be true.
Somehow I think you'll manage.
Somehow I thought you might.
Somehow Noonian had a way of making even the oddest things seem romantic.
Somehow he combined warp technology and the energy from his own thoughts.
Somehow he managed to override the security lockouts and rewrite them.
Somehow it is alive.
Somehow it is you.
Somehow she has managed to communicate with me.
Somehow that made me feel better.
Somehow the molecular structure of this cup from Ten Forward has been altered.
Somehow this, this is all wrong.
Somehow we'll silence Sousa if he decides to play an encore.
Somehow we're leaving chroniton footprints behind us.
Somehow when it's dealing with her, the energy field is affected.
Somehow, I have to find a way of giving him what he wants.
Somehow, Riker, you don't strike me as the kind that puts down roots.
Somehow, his visor is translating those distortions into visual impulses.
Somehow, it must've tripped the internal scanners.
Somehow, they're able to polarise the graviton field as they move about.
Somehow, they're different.
Somehow, we've entered what seems to be a temporal causality loop.
Someone I really care about.
Someone close at hand and yet unattainable.
Someone close to you?
Someone did sabotage the shield.
Someone else did.
Someone else has control of the ship.
Someone else is there?
Someone else relayed the message to me, but he said Spock spoke directly to him.
Someone else will have to speak with them, not me.
Someone else's pattern is still in the buffer?
Someone grabbed me from behind.
Someone had to be blamed.
Someone has betrayed us.
Someone has made a threat against his life.
Someone has reset the clock.
Someone has to book this creep.
Someone has to breathe the same air he breathes, to touch him.
Someone has to confront him.
Someone has warned them.
Someone here has yanked out all the control chips.
Someone here, at this very table.
Someone invented a hut.
Someone is coming.
Someone is hiding something, but I can't tell who or what.
Someone is playing a trick on me.
Someone is trying to kill me.
Someone is using the Array for covert surveillance of the Federation.
Someone just put it on me.
Someone left this ODN junction box open.
Someone like me?
Someone might have mistaken this for an actual raid.
Someone more objective.
Someone must be at the helm.
Someone must have followed me into the alley.
Someone must have given it to the assassins to implicate us.
Someone must have written this programme over four billion years ago.
Someone needs to set her straight!
Someone put it in a maintenance locker.
Someone restrain the Captain!
Someone should check up on him.
Someone sure stripped this place.
Someone that tense could be very unpredictable.
Someone to show us the way out of confusion.
Someone told you.
Someone touching my hair.
Someone was here.
Someone was there.
Someone who could be a teacher.
Someone who could tell the others about us.
Someone who makes you feel better.
Someone who was willing to trust my judgment.
Someone who will lead us to those profits that we've been promised.
Someone who would support and obey my decisions without question.
Someone who's becoming important to me.
Someone whose mind is open to compromise.
Someone will come and take you back to your cell.
Someone will give you clean clothing before we return you to your ship.
Someone will have to begin it.
Someone with a reason for confining us here.
Someone you love?
Someone you must get to know.
Someone you talk to, who will be with you when you're lonely.
Someone's checked his calculations, of course.
Someone's down there.
Someone's got to get him to listen to reason.
Someone's humming.
Someone's responding.
Someone's still here.
Someone's transporting over to the Tarellian ship.
Someone's with you in the room?
Something I can do for you?
Something I can help you with, Mister Remmick?
Something I can take care of for you on Starbase Five One Five?
Something Klingon.
Something about an energy feedback.
Something about the culture, the heritage.
Something about this concerns me.
Something about us compels us to learn, explore.
Something about your location is interfering with communication.
Something amuses you?
Something awful happened to me and I don't even know what it was.
Something caused a massive system-wide failure, but I don't know what.
Something could have been overlooked.
Something crazy on my panel.
Something dead astern.
Something else.
Something else?
Something from home?
Something from that deep in subspace shouldn't be able to exist in our universe.
Something funny?
Something happened at that cybernetics conference.
Something happened there a few weeks ago.
Something happened when you removed the panel.
Something has scanned our language banks and is hailing us.
Something has seized their ship too.
Something has to generate a hologram.
Something hormonal rather than emotional.
Something important.
Something in here.
Something in the message?
Something inside the cavern was interfering with the phase conditioners.
Something interesting?
Something is beginning.
Something is happening.
Something is out there, sir, tracking us, matching our speed and heading.
Something is pulling us.
Something is stimulating it.
Something is terribly wrong with Lal.
Something is waiting for us out there.
Something is waiting for us.
Something is wrong here, Mister Worf.
Something is wrong.
Something jabbed me here in the calf.
Something larger than themselves, something that will give their lives meaning.
Something like a transporter beam seems to have snatched him away.
Something more like avarice or ambition.
Something more, Mister Data?
Something must have happened down there.
Something must have happened to him, Counsellor.
Something new?
Something of a tradition, Guinan.
Something on your mind?
Something other than a large bowl of vegetable soup.
Something over here?
Something over there is affecting the Captain's thought patterns.
Something precious.
Something seems to be drawing power into the main particle impeller.
Something seems to be wrong with it.
Something serious.
Something soothing.
Something straightforward, like disarm your weapons systems.
Something strange is going on.
Something strange on the detector circuits.
Something stuck me in the leg.
Something tells me it'll be a long time before we'll be celebrating.
Something tells me they weren't all been wiped out.
Something tells me we'd better get out of here.
Something terrible, because it's not like Dan to take his own life.
Something that Starfleet doesn't teach you.
Something that could alter reality?
Something that happened while he was Captain of the Enterprise.
Something that happened while we were down there the first time?
Something that is not inherent to a criminal personality.
Something that isn't covered in a normal sensor sweep.
Something that might help us complete this project more quickly.
Something that our sensors could track.
Something that would make a difference.
Something that you never dreamed was possible.
Something that's not easy to say.
Something the Captain and I were talking about.
Something the matter?
Something they care a great deal about protecting.
Something to be carefully avoided.
Something to drink, Captain?
Something to encourage.
Something to let you sleep.
Something to pass the time, you know, a diversion.
Something to write home about.
Something to write home about?
Something told me you wouldn't let this go.
Something troubles you with the way this is configured?
Something underground?
Something very small.
Something very strange is happening to this wormhole.
Something was fired at the reactor core just before transport.
Something was transported from there to the Enterprise.
Something we have gotten away from in the twenty-fourth century.
Something we haven't considered?
Something weird is happening there, Captain.
Something went wrong and it killed them.
Something went wrong with the sequence initiator.
Something went wrong.
Something which does not fully register on our instruments.
Something with a Latin beat.
Something wonderful has happened.
Something wrong, Data?
Something wrong, Doctor?
Something wrong, Lieutenant?
Something wrong, sir?
Something you do not like in yourself.
Something you may have forgotten.
Something you might try now and then, dear.
Something you said?
Something'll turn up.
Something's burning.
Something's got to be there.
Something's happened to him.
Something's happening, sir.
Something's not right here.
Something's not right.
Something's really bothering him.
Something's very wrong, Captain.
Something's wrong with the sequencing programme.
Something's wrong?
Something, anything to can cut through the storm.
Something, anything.
Something.
Something?
Sometimes I act on impulse instead of thinking things through.
Sometimes I can't even remember what his face looks like.
Sometimes I can't get his face out of my mind.
Sometimes I don't either.
Sometimes I even enjoyed bullying you.
Sometimes I feel more comfortable with engine schematics than people.
Sometimes I feel there's a monster inside of me, fighting to get out.
Sometimes I feel we've allowed our positions to isolate us.
Sometimes I get carried away.
Sometimes I get so busy with research I forget to eat.
Sometimes I think he's becoming more human than any of us realise.
Sometimes I wish they would just go away.
Sometimes I wonder what they were like.
Sometimes a lifetime of painstaking, detailed work in order to get any results.
Sometimes in the summer we'd go on cookouts.
Sometimes it almost seemed too real.
Sometimes it does work.
Sometimes it doesn't go by the book, Worf.
Sometimes it's healthy to explore the darker sides of the psyche.
Sometimes it's more important to consider others before yourself.
Sometimes it's the result that counts, you know.
Sometimes just by listening.
Sometimes just passing by means, just passing by.
Sometimes my hand shakes, but never this bad.
Sometimes she burns them alive.
Sometimes there are memories we just can't access at the spur of the moment.
Sometimes there just aren't any explanations.
Sometimes these things aren't over as quickly as they seem to be.
Sometimes they avoid you altogether.
Sometimes they become overbearing, reach out a helping hand to the blind woman.
Sometimes they do.
Sometimes they lie.
Sometimes what we imagine can be just as scary as something real.
Sometimes when we need an extra lab or.
Sometimes with risks.
Sometimes, I can bring him out of it.
Sometimes, Number One, you just have to bow to the absurd.
Sometimes, Riker, the best way to win a fight is not to be there.
Somewhat.
Somewhere on the surface.
Somewhere out there something will happen.
Son of Maurice and Yvette Picard.
Son, why would I want to do that?
Sonchi.
Sonnez les matines, sonnez les matines, ding ding dong, ding ding dong.
Sonya, relax.
Sonya, stop it.
Soon as I'm sure this works.
Soon as he does, we have him.
Soon he will have no choice
Soon we'll both be home.
Soon we'll get things running perfectly.
Soon, my friend.
Sooner or later he'll have to feel the burden of command.
Sooner or later, a man named Omag will come by for a song.
Sooner or later, it has to be tried on a living patient.
Soong's dead.
Soong, Noonian.
Sophistry.
Sore doesn't begin to describe it.
Sore?
Soren is sick, and sick people want to get well.
Soren!
Sorry I missed it.
Sorry I startled you.
Sorry about this.
Sorry it took so long, Mister Data.
Sorry ladies.
Sorry sir, that did not come out quite the way I intended.
Sorry to bother you, Captain.
Sorry to bother you, Dix, but our two passengers have awakened.
Sorry to bother you, sir.
Sorry to bother you.
Sorry to call you, sir.
Sorry to disturb you, Captain.
Sorry to disturb you, Doctor.
Sorry to disturb you.
Sorry to interrupt, sir.
Sorry to spoil your party, pal.
Sorry to test you like that, but I was curious.
Sorry, Captain, but I can't do that.
Sorry, Commander, I must decline.
Sorry, Commander, we haven't addressed that one yet.
Sorry, Dix.
Sorry, I can't help you.
Sorry, Number One, what was that?
Sorry, Picard.
Sorry, Troi.
Sorry, Will, I'd love to chat, but I have to go.
Sorry, boys.
Sorry, can't wait.
Sorry, folks, but you ain't going nowhere.
Sorry, hon.
Sorry, my memory isn't what it used to be.
Sorry, sir, I should have seen that.
Sorry, sir, it still has control of the computer.
Sorry, that clashes with my instructions.
Sorry, that just doesn't make it any better.
Sorry, there's no Captain Picard here.
Sorry, you heard the Captain.
Sorry.
Sort it out later.
Sort of exciting, isn't it?
Sort of plan our agenda for the next day or two?
Sort of the family misfit.
Sort of, I guess.
Sort them out, Commander.
Sound familiar?
Sound right to you?
Sound?
Sounds delicious.
Sounds easy enough.
Sounds fascinating, Mister Worf.
Sounds good to me.
Sounds good.
Sounds great, sir.
Sounds great.
Sounds important.
Sounds interesting.
Sounds just like the first trip.
Sounds kind of lonely.
Sounds like a fairly dull place.
Sounds like a loose panel or something.
Sounds like a plan.
Sounds like a working girl to me.
Sounds like fun.
Sounds like he might have more than two coins to rub together.
Sounds like it might be an SOS.
Sounds like it must have been pretty strange.
Sounds like magic.
Sounds like my superintendent.
Sounds like nothing serious, doesn't it?
Sounds like our Captain.
Sounds like someone I'd like to know.
Sounds like someone's idea of hell to me.
Sounds like the best solution is to take the Enterprise in.
Sounds like they don't want to be identified.
Sounds like you're having some of the side effects from the concussion.
Sounds like you've got a snootful already.
Sounds like you've got yourself a heck of a deal.
Sounds lovely.
Sounds nasty.
Sounds perfect.
Sounds pretty routine.
Sounds promising.
Sounds scary.
Sounds, Smells.
Source material on that subject is extensive.
Source unknown.
Sovak and I are definitely not working together.
Sovak did pay me to hand over the disc.
Sovak has taken to searching my room periodically.
Sovak!
Sovereign Marouk, welcome to the Bridge.
Sovereign, may I offer you a drink?
Soyuz class?
Space-time to normal.
Spacecraft?
Spare me your egotistical musings on your pivotal role in history.
Spare us from his madness.
Spartan?
Speak directly to me.
Speak softly, Governor.
Speak the accusation.
Speak the truth.
Speak to me!
Speak!
Speaking of disorientation, are you all right?
Speaking of nightmares.
Speaking of time.
Speaking strictly as Security Chief, how much can you trust Data now?
Speaks right up for something your sensors say isn't there, Data.
Special Emissary K'Ehleyr has declared a short recess, sir.
Specifically, sir, I think it's psychotropically addictive.
Specifically, the files relating to the nineteenth century American West.
Specifications on the vessel, Mister Worf?
Specifics, Doctor.
Specifics, sir?
Specified energy systems have been initialised.
Specify design parameters.
Specify light source.
Specify programme.
Specify temperature.
Specify, Doctor.
Specify?
Spectacular, isn't it, my young friend?
Spectacular.
Speculate.
Speculation.
Speculation?
Speed and course are unaffected.
Speed being the most obvious.
Speed increasing, sir.
Speed is holding at one tenth impulse.
Speed up the processor and we'll find out.
Speed warp eight.
Speed warp five.
Speed, attitude, course.
Speed, warp five.
Speed, warp seven.
Speed, warp three.
Speed, warp two.
Spend time with him.
Spending in a damp cave?
Spiders?
Spinning wheels?
Spirits, souls.
Spirits?
Spit it out.
Splendid, Data.
Splendid, splendid, Captain!
Splint.
Split pea soup.
Spock has been meeting with the new Senate Proconsul about reunification.
Spock has maintained a relationship with him over the years.
Spock was always so impressionable.
Spock!
Spock's announcement will be made in minutes.
Spock, Amanda, did you know?
Spock, we've been friends for eighty years.
Spock.
Spock?
Spoken like a true Starfleet graduate.
Spoken like the consummate explorer.
Spontaneous combustion of someone you didn't like?
Spooky.
Spot could not have triggered the mechanism.
Spot does not respond to verbal commands.
Spot is sleeping, sir.
Spot's not the only one who's going to be a mother.
Spot, come here.
Spot, you are disrupting my ability to work.
Spot?
Spread it.
Spread out.
Spread the rest around.
Spreading rumours that the planet is doomed.
Stabilise.
Stabilisers on.
Stable threshold.
Stable.
Staff's waiting, if Doctor Crusher approves.
Stafko was with me on the Yorktown.
Staggered approach vectors, within weapons range.
Stand aside, stand aside.
Stand aside.
Stand back, Haro.
Stand by a moment on that.
Stand by deflector shield.
Stand by for Commander Riker, Chief.
Stand by for auto-phaser interlock.
Stand by for further communications.
Stand by for my orders.
Stand by for my signal.
Stand by for parallel transport.
Stand by for six to beam up.
Stand by for subwarp.
Stand by for what?
Stand by on phasers and torpedoes.
Stand by on phasers.
Stand by on warp nine.
Stand by phasers and photon torpedoes.
Stand by to beam me aboard.
Stand by to cross connect deflectors.
Stand by to detonate the mines on my command.
Stand by to dock.
Stand by to drop out of warp in eight seconds.
Stand by to energise.
Stand by to engage.
Stand by to enter warp on my command.
Stand by to fire torpedoes on my command.
Stand by to fire, Mister Worf.
Stand by to increase speed to warp seven point three.
Stand by to initiate the graviton pulse.
Stand by to lock phasers on target.
Stand by to raise shields and break orbit on my mark.
Stand by to terminate the beam.
Stand by to transport five.
Stand by to transport to the Enterprise.
Stand by to trigger the conduit.
Stand by with an away team.
Stand by with five milligrams of tricordrazine in case of seizure.
Stand by!
Stand by, Ensign.
Stand by, Mister Data.
Stand by, Mister La Forge.
Stand by, Mister O'Brien.
Stand by, Mister Worf.
Stand by, Number One.
Stand by, O'Brien.
Stand by, all stations.
Stand by, forward phaser array.
Stand by; Picard out.
Stand clear and be ready.
Stand down Red alert, but keep tracking their movement, Lieutenant.
Stand down from Red Alert.
Stand down from red alert.
Stand down phasers, Mister Worf.
Stand down red alert.
Stand off, Commander.
Stand ready at warp six, Ensign.
Stand respectfully.
Stand tall.
Stand with me and we can hold the Empire together.
Standard air pressure has been reestablished in the Observation lounge.
Standard evasive manoeuvre.
Standard observation posture.
Standard orbit, Mister Worf.
Standard procedure requires termination of all simulations.
Standard procedure when guests come on board.
Standard rations.
Standard search pattern.
Standard security sweep shows nothing out of the ordinary.
Standard station orbit, Mister Crusher.
Standby to engage thrusters.
Standby to receive emergency teams.
Standing by on phasers, Captain.
Standing by to beam Ligonian welcoming party aboard.
Standing by to beam up.
Standing by to modulate the transport pattern.
Standing by to release docking clamps.
Standing by, Captain.
Standing by, Number One.
Standing here we will never know.
Starbase 74, this is the Enterprise.
Starbase 74, warp two.
Starbase Earhart.
Starbase Forty seven.
Starbase maintenance approaching airlock five.
Starbase one seven nine, this is the Enterprise.
Starbase one seven nine.
Starbase three four three.
Starbase twelve was completely evacuated for two full days.
Starbase twenty nine.
Starboard aft thruster.
Starboard nacelle sustained a direct impact.
Starboard power coupling has overloaded.
Starboard shields holding at fifty two percent.
Starboard shields weakened.
Starboard thruster firing.
Starboard thrusters destroyed.
Stardate 36764.
Stardate 40164.7.
Stardate 40812.
Stardate 41153.7.
Stardate 41154.
Stardate 41235.32.
Stardate 44805.7.
Stardate 58416.
Stardates 43685 through 43689.
Stardrive section only?
Starfleet Admiral Q, at your service.
Starfleet Command believes defeat is inevitable.
Starfleet Intelligence has an operative in Romulan High Command.
Starfleet Registry NCC 2893.
Starfleet believes that their presence is an attempt at communication.
Starfleet can send a science vessel back to investigate further.
Starfleet can't make its move until we're out of the Demilitarised Zone.
Starfleet cannot understand how or why this situation has developed.
Starfleet captains are like children.
Starfleet captains don't usually accompany away teams.
Starfleet changes those codes all the time.
Starfleet class of '78.
Starfleet class of '78; honours in probability mechanics and exobiology.
Starfleet considers you outlaws.
Starfleet could certainly use another ship, even if she is old.
Starfleet does not have to allow the resignation.
Starfleet does.
Starfleet doesn't take these matters lightly, Will.
Starfleet emergency frequency.
Starfleet has a right to some answers.
Starfleet has classified the Cor Caroli Five plague as secret.
Starfleet has dispatched an archaeological team to study the archive further.
Starfleet has responded to our request, sir.
Starfleet has very important business for us as soon as the away team returns.
Starfleet hasn't improved you one bit.
Starfleet have requested that we lend a hand.
Starfleet is considering the Hera lost.
Starfleet is considering using a particle fountain on Carema Three.
Starfleet is not a military organisation.
Starfleet is relying on your mediation efforts to
Starfleet is stretched pretty thin across the quadrant.
Starfleet may be interested in your constructing starbases elsewhere also.
Starfleet must be bluffing.
Starfleet must support Gowron.
Starfleet needs good captains, particularly now.
Starfleet now believes the Cardassians are preparing to invade Minos Korva.
Starfleet personality profile analysis, stardate 40056.
Starfleet personnel have vanished.
Starfleet priority code Gamma.
Starfleet priority one.
Starfleet rank, Lieutenant Commander.
Starfleet received this subspace transmission two days ago, Admiral.
Starfleet requires periodic testing.
Starfleet takes the Prime Directive very seriously.
Starfleet thinks I did.
Starfleet wants me to infiltrate the Maquis?
Starfleet will be here any minute.
Starfleet will get its converter.
Starfleet will probably agree with you.
Starfleet wishes to evacuate you for your own protection.
Starfleet won't negotiate with us, but they'll pursue us as long as we have him.
Starfleet's beginning to think it's more than a simple malfunction.
Starfleet's finest.
Starfleet's got new orders for you.
Starfleet's hope is that one day this world may become part of the Federation.
Starfleet's policy on research is clear.
Starfleet.
Stargazer, Captain, respond!
Stars whose planets are their defence system?
Starship Enterprise, come in.
Starship Ferengi, this is Commander Riker here.
Starship Victory has arrived.
Starship separation in six, five, four, three, two, one.
Starship?
Start a preliminary amniotic scan.
Start at ten percent.
Start fifteen octares of quadroline.
Start firing countdown from twenty four.
Start gathering everybody together.
Start setting up a level five containment field here in Engineering, okay?
Start the fire.
Start the transfer.
Start transporting the away teams off of the surface.
Start with the most crucial areas.
Start your brains, gentlemen, and let's do it.
Starting biofilter scan.
Starting close down sequence.
Startling.
Stasis field nominal.
State new destination or coordinates.
State of the art vessel?
State that we are not asking for any terms or conditions.
State the purpose of what you have done.
State the purpose of your visit here.
State the purpose.
State your opinion and stand by it.
Static charge compensate.
Static?
Station a guard?
Station keeping.
Station log, stardate 46458.3.
Status of Borg power drive?
Status of Borg weapons?
Status of download, Mister Data?
Status of the Borg ship?
Status of the beings is unchanged.
Status of torpedo banks?
Status of warp engines?
Status on the repair?
Status report, Mister Data?
Status reports?
Status!
Status, Data.
Status, Doctor?
Status, La Forge.
Status, Mister Data.
Status, Mister La Forge.
Status, Mister O'Brien?
Status, Mister Worf.
Status, O'Brien?
Stay as long as you wish.
Stay away from her, Q.
Stay away from me!
Stay away from me.
Stay away from my daughter!
Stay away!
Stay away.
Stay back.
Stay between the Ferengi and the Hathaway.
Stay calm, Jake.
Stay calm, everyone.
Stay calm.
Stay concerned, please.
Stay here and cover La Forge.
Stay here and do nothing.
Stay here with me.
Stay here, Geordi.
Stay here, don't go.
Stay here.
Stay in touch with us, covertly.
Stay inside.
Stay on your toes, Number One.
Stay out of this, Ice man.
Stay sharp everyone.
Stay sharp, everyone.
Stay sharp.
Stay there!
Stay there.
Stay together!
Stay with Q.
Stay with him, Counsellor.
Stay with it.
Stay with me, Doc.
Stay with me, Doctor.
Stay with me, just a little while.
Stay with the doctor.
Stay with them, La Forge.
Stay with them.
Staying too long.
Steady beam, straight across the tunnel, chest high.
Steady on that.
Steady on.
Steady so far.
Steady, boys, steady.
Steer clear of sailors.
Stefan became an artist, very famous.
Stefan was eleven and I was eight.
Stellar Cartography.
Stellar cartography isn't everybody's cup of tea.
Step aside, Toq.
Step aside.
Step away from him, Lieutenant.
Step away from the controls.
Step away from the forcefield.
Step away now.
Step back, Mister Hill.
Step back, Yuta.
Step back, now.
Step back, please.
Step clear, please.
Step down or I will have you removed.
Step down.
Step inside the transport area.
Step on it.
Sterility is only the latest symptom.
Steven Miller tracked me down and reminded me of the vows we had made.
Steven Miller was my father's closest friend.
Steven!
Stick with me.
Sticks out of his chest.
Still a couple hours.
Still a little grounded in the mundane, but showing promise.
Still alive, you mean.
Still beyond weapon range.
Still breathing, Captain.
Still down.
Still four members of the crew unaccounted for.
Still no ID being transmitted, sir.
Still no damage to the Borg vessel, sir.
Still no help for the Klingon.
Still no photon launchers or warp drive.
Still no readings of any kind, sir.
Still no readings, no sign of anything.
Still no readings.
Still no response from the Enterprise.
Still no response from the Klingons, Mister Worf?
Still no response to our hail, sir.
Still no sign of the structure.
Still no sign of them on long range scanners.
Still no sign of them on sensors.
Still no signal at all.
Still no signs of life, Captain.
Still no visual contact.
Still nothing, Captain.
Still on Mintaka Three.
Still picking up energy distortions, but fading.
Still probing.
Still rising, Captain.
Still rising.
Still running tests.
Still so much to learn.
Still sounds better than pea soup.
Still stirring up trouble?
Still the most exciting and worthwhile place to be.
Still there is no indication as to who he is, or why he is here.
Still think I'm trouble?
Still working out with those Holodeck monsters, I bet.
Still working?
Still, I suppose it must have seemed like the ideal situation, hmm?
Still, I'm sure you won't mind if we take a look around.
Still, for a warrior to find himself in such a situation.
Still, it felt good.
Still, it pains me to see the great Jean-Luc Picard brought down by a woman.
Still, no appreciable damage.
Still, perhaps you're partly right.
Still, the Picard may blame us for letting Palmer escape.
Still, the fact that they went to Mavala does not prove they were married there.
Still, the tactic is sound.
Still, there are some points that I'm not very clear about.
Still, there was a considerable loss of life.
Still, there's this fluctuation in the containment field.
Still, they trouble me.
Still, you are here, confined to your room.
Still, you are the most important reason.
Still, your weapons were limited and their ship superior.
Stockbrokers are cheap as hell.
Stomp.
Stop asking me these questions.
Stop by my quarters, oh seven hundred hours.
Stop engines.
Stop firing!
Stop for a moment.
Stop it now!
Stop it!
Stop it, maybe slow it down.
Stop making excuses.
Stop music.
Stop search.
Stop talking and listen.
Stop that immediately!
Stop that!
Stop this foolishness, Q.
Stop this petty bickering, all of you!
Stop this, please.
Stop this.
Stop using it!
Stop what you're doing.
Stop whatever it is you're doing.
Stop your descent.
Stop!
Stop, Custodian.
Stop, I am your son.
Stop, Mister Worf!
Stopping us from interfering.
Store programme Picard delta one in active memory and discontinue simulation.
Stories change with each person who tells them.
Stories often have happy endings.
Stories, nothing more.
Straight ahead.
Straight out of the Academy.
Strand density is ten times what it was, Captain.
Strange gratitude, from one who has been granted a gift beyond any human dream.
Strange how he seems to care for you.
Strange is not a sufficient adjective to describe the experience.
Strange, I'm not really very hungry tonight.
Strange, like whispering.
Strange, sir.
Strange?
Strangers ain't invited.
Strangers are not welcome here.
Stray day dreams, scattered minutiae.
Strength is irrelevant.
Stress readings indicate considerable pressure on the transverse supports.
Strictly speaking, sir, it is not my playing.
Strike?
Strip it down.
Strong and stable.
Strongly emphasized.
Structural failure imminent.
Structural field harmonics on manual.
Structural integrity fields are failing on decks ten through sixteen.
Structural integrity intact.
Structural integrity of the barge has been compromised.
Structural integrity of the dilithium chamber is at thirty four percent.
Structural latching system integrity breached.
Structural over-pressure now exceeding one hundred eighty percent.
Structural reinforcement is at two hundred forty percent.
Structural status, Commander?
Stubborn and irrational.
Study as in dissecting, I'd bet.
Study computer logs, sensor information everything.
Study her?
Stun has little effect.
Stun?
SuH.
Sub Commander N'Vek.
Sub-Commander Selok, actually.
Sub-microscopic deformations are present in the nose section and aft thrusters.
Sub-warp?
Subatomic.
Subcommander N'Vek acted under my authority, the authority of the Tal Shiar.
Subject name, Councillor Duras.
Subject to your foolish human values?
Subject, inquiry into mutiny aboard USS Pegasus.
Submit!
Subprocessor relays in place and neuroelectrical systems enabled.
Subspace beings of some kind.
Subspace communication coming in for you, Ensign.
Subspace detonator will not engage.
Subspace field incursions may have left a trace.
Subspace interference is subsiding, sir.
Subspace interference is too high.
Subspace message from the Arcos.
Subspace radio and sensors still operate under the same basic principle.
Subspace scanners active.
Subspace signal coming from Starfleet, Captain.
Subspace signals, photon torpedoes, nothing's had an impact.
Subspace will extrude into normal space, forming a rift.
Substance inorganic.
Subsurface fusion has been initiated.
Subterranean caverns to the east, sir.
Subversion?
Success, Captain?
Success, Mister Conor.
Success.
Such a beautiful world.
Such a creature would make a perfect protector.
Such a man would be capable of anything.
Such a sentimental people, these Kriosians.
Such a terrible loss of life.
Such as ignoring the rule, keep off the grass?
Such as sensor nets for behaviour modification or biofeedback motivators.
Such as the politeness of saying please before abducting someone?
Such as what you meant by a very profitable mission.
Such benevolence, Sir Guy.
Such interference would strike at the very basis of our alliance.
Such loss.
Such mistakes happen in space.
Such musical genius I saw in one of your ship's libraries.
Such noble creatures.
Such overwhelming intensity of emotion.
Such pain!
Such pain.
Such speed and accuracy.
Suck salt?
Suddenly having these thoughts appear in my mind.
Suddenly he lost control.
Suddenly our eyes have been opened to the infinite possibilities.
Suddenly the possibility exists that I was no longer alone.
Suddenly their patterns just weren't there.
Suddenly there would be gaps, missing pieces.
Suddenly, in this situation, his power is useless.
Suffering was unimaginable.
Suffice it to say, he's an expert.
Suffice it to say, it is strictly a matter of image.
Sugar with your tea?
Suggest first strike, sir.
Suggest it would be safer, sir, to have the Ferengi here whatever happenings.
Suggest moving fast to confirm what I told it, sir.
Suggest what the Romulans were doing?
Suggesting?
Suggestion, Captain.
Suggestions, Mister Data?
Suicide is not an option.
Sulphur dioxide, methane, hydrogen sulphide.
Summarise service record.
Summarise, please.
Summon the image.
Sunad called John a disruptive influence.
Sunad is back aboard the Zalkonian vessel, Captain.
Sunad thinks so.
Sunad's hatred for John was evident but there's something else.
Sunad, this individual is a guest aboard our ship.
Sunad.
Sunday dinner.
Superficial, but I'm having trouble reassembling the shields.
Superimpose previous image over this one, same scale, and continue to monitor.
Superior morality.
Supplement with auxiliary power only.
Supply depot, communications, living quarters and shuttlebay.
Suppose it could reflect thousands?
Suppose it turns out we understand you humans only too well.
Suppose we turn their impatience and greed against them?
Supposed to be good luck.
Sur le pont d'Avignon on y danse on y danse.
Sure does seem that way when you're losing, don't it?
Sure he does.
Sure is a damned ugly nothing.
Sure it bothers me, but at the moment I can't do anything about it.
Sure we can run.
Sure will, and better.
Sure wish he'd been in command of this Victory.
Sure you don't want to try?
Sure you have.
Sure, Chief.
Sure, Commander.
Sure, I understand.
Sure, Kolrami is the best ever at Strategema.
Sure, Mom, sure.
Sure, Reg.
Sure, Taurik.
Sure, and of course, women can't grow beards.
Sure, if everybody works around the clock for the next two days.
Sure, let's take a look.
Sure, the robot who teaches the course in humanities.
Sure, the system is functional.
Sure, why not.
Surely Sakkath cannot be influenced by emotion?
Surely Yareena is more desirable?
Surely a strategic triumph for the Romulan Empire.
Surely he must have logged the cause of the ship's death.
Surely that must count for something.
Surely the drills can wait until then.
Surely there are others who are better suited.
Surely there is a solution which can be mutually satisfactory?
Surely there must be some clues.
Surely there'll be other occasions for you to spend time with the boy.
Surely we have some responsibility to them.
Surely you attended his classes regularly?
Surely you can see there's a broader canvas here.
Surely you don't really see your species like that, do you?
Surely you don't want to remain here?
Surely you have emergency supplies?
Surely you know what a headache is.
Surely you see that?
Surely you would give us the chance to prove that we are innocent?
Surely you're aware of the advantages.
Surely you're not saying it's unexplainable?
Surely, you can see that.
Surely, you must know at least one theme from Aktuh and Maylota.
Surface Station approval coming in now, Lieutenant.
Surface conditions made it very difficult.
Surface temperature minus two hundred and ninety one degrees Celsius.
Surface wind patterns over the target are stable.
Surge pulse now synchronised.
Surgery.
Surprise!
Surprise!!
Surprised he's not busy gloating over his victory.
Surprises me?
Surprising, isn't it?
Surprisingly good.
Surrender and prepare to be boarded.
Surrender it to me, and I will allow your Enterprise to leave unharmed.
Surrender, as ordered.
Surrounded by such friendship, I feel no need for my guards.
Surrounding the structure.
Survey team here.
Survival emotions.
Survivors on Orelious Nine after all this time?
Susanna, hold on, okay?
Susanna, why don't we go and see Doctor Crusher?
Susanna, you can't leave.
Susanna?
Suspect is perhaps too strong a word.
Suspects would be brought into police headquarters and mysteriously vanish.
Suspects.
Suspend me?
Suspicion of murder.
Suspicions?
Sutter, let's see if you can get a reading on the particle flux.
Suz, I'm here, and I'm not going to let anything happen to you, okay?
Suz?
Suzanne wanted to go to the arboretum.
Swallow this.
Swear to be faithful to you, Captain.
Sweet mercy.
Sweetheart, I'm not a fish.
Swell.
Swimming is too much like bathing.
Switch the EM power inverter to the lateral.
Switch to auxiliary control.
Switch to primary bypass.
Switch, now!
Switching inputs.
Switching to backups.
Switching to long-range scanners.
Switching to manual control.
Switching to manual.
Switching to the secondary bandwidth.
Switzer, Klarc-Tarn-Droth, McFarland.
Synaptic response falling.
Synaptic responses are failing.
Synthetic Scotch, synthetic commanders.
Synthetic swill.
System is being jammed.
System to scan the interference patterns, but a full analysis will take time.
Systems are beginning to overload.
Systems are normal, sir.
T'Jon and Romas are feeling fine.
T'Jon, please.
T'Jon, stand by to beam over.
T'Jon, there are so many people here.
T'Jon.
T'Pel.
T'Shanik of Vulcana Regar.
TIMOTHY Yes, Counsellor.
TIgwIj Sa'angNIS.
TROI A few hours ago, while the away team was on the surface.
TROI; They had a litter today in the nursery.
TV?
Tables, people, yeah.
Tachyon field repelled.
Tactical Training seems to agree with you.
Tactical advantage?
Tactical analysis, Mister Worf?
Tactical analysis.
Tactical sensor readings are indeterminant.
Tactical station.
Tactical?
Tactics Officer, report to Commander Riker.
Tag!
Tai chi chuan.
Tailor made for their enemies.
Taitt, sir.
Taitt.
Takarans can control their physiology at a cellular level.
Take Commander La Forge into custody immediately.
Take Ishara down to see Doctor Crusher.
Take Jeremiah.
Take Lieutenant Pierce to his quarters and hold him there.
Take Marian to the tower.
Take Soren to quarters.
Take a break, all right?
Take a closer look, Commander.
Take a closer look.
Take a look at the containment module our Chief Engineer has designed.
Take a look at the stardate.
Take a look at these corroded edges here.
Take a look at this signal notation.
Take a medical team to treat the rest.
Take a seat, please.
Take a shuttle over and I'll introduce you.
Take a shuttlecraft and two more engineers down to the Romulan ship.
Take a tissue sample, please.
Take a weapon.
Take a well-armed away team and transport down to those coordinates.
Take aim.
Take an away team.
Take an inventory of the shuttle.
Take another degree.
Take care of her.
Take care of your son.
Take care of yourself, Data.
Take care of yourself, android.
Take care of yourself, son.
Take care of yourself.
Take care, Uncle.
Take care.
Take charge, Number One.
Take cover!
Take cover.
Take deep, regular breaths.
Take emergency stations.
Take every precaution to protect the ship's vital areas.
Take five.
Take games of chance.
Take her in unpowered.
Take her.
Take him away.
Take him back to his chamber.
Take him to Engineering.
Take him to the forest.
Take him to your lab, Data.
Take his pack.
Take it back, Number One, and this time nothing is going to lure us away.
Take it easy, Wes.
Take it easy.
Take it from a friend, it doesn't help your case.
Take it from me, Leech, you'll never find it.
Take it in tow.
Take it off.
Take it out of the corona.
Take me home to Endar!
Take me home to my Captain.
Take me there.
Take me to the Presidio, driver, and don't spare the whip.
Take me to them.
Take months off their journey.
Take my Worf.
Take no action.
Take one of the artefacts with you.
Take over, Commander Data, I'll be in observation.
Take over, Number One.
Take that off at once.
Take that threat seriously, Captain.
Take that transporter system apart piece by piece if you have to.
Take the Bridge, Commander.
Take the engines offline.
Take the helm, Mister Crusher.
Take the necessary sleep inducements if you have to.
Take the pig out there, will you?
Take the ship in where, sir?
Take the warp engines off line until further notice.
Take them back to the ship, analyze them there.
Take them to Security Ward.
Take them, brother.
Take this creature, for example.
Take this message to your leaders, Gul Macet.
Take this phaser and kill Chief O'Brien.
Take this traitor away.
Take us back to Federation territory, warp six.
Take us back to Ohniaka Three.
Take us back to Rana Four.
Take us back, Number One.
Take us directly under their hull.
Take us in, Chief.
Take us in, Mister Crusher.
Take us into the Neutral Zone, Ensign.
Take us out of here, Mister Riker.
Take us out of orbit, Ensign Crusher.
Take us out of orbit, Ensign.
Take us out of orbit, Mister La Forge.
Take us out of the nebula.
Take us out of warp near that ship.
Take us out.
Take us straight through them.
Take us to fifteen thousand metres, Ensign.
Take us to half impulse, Mister Crusher.
Take us to impulse power.
Take us to it.
Take us to the battle coordinates, Mister Crusher.
Take us to visual range, Ensign.
Take us to warp eight.
Take us to warp nine and pursue.
Take us to warp six as soon as possible.
Take us to within fifteen kilometres of the asteroid and hold that position.
Take us to within ten kilometres of asteroid gamma six zero one.
Take us up.
Take what you want and destroy the rest.
Take whatever steps are necessary to send a message.
Take your choice.
Take your hands off her.
Take your place accordingly.
Take your station, Lieutenant.
Take your time.
Take yourself and your holier than thou attitude and get out of my life.
Taken on Romulus, by long range scanner.
Takenta!
Talarian custom allows me to claim the son of a slain enemy.
Talarian vessels routing power to forward rockets.
Talarian warships converging.
Talk about going nowhere fast.
Talk or play.
Talk to Captain Picard.
Talk to Picard.
Talk to her about how you felt before you came here.
Talk to her from here.
Talk to him, Worf.
Talk to him.
Talk to it.
Talk to me, Johnny.
Talk to me, stay awake.
Talking about it would help you understand your response.
Talking to your Starship again, Jaya?
Talking.
Tall trees.
Tallera is right.
Tallera out.
Tallera to Captain.
Tallera, I've decided on a change of plan.
Talur is correct.
Talur thinks he's from a race that lives in the mountains.
Tam Elbrun is in turbolift one, en route to the main Bridge.
Tam Elbrun warned Tin Man.
Tam is a telepath of extraordinary talent, even for a Betazoid.
Tam.
Tanagra.
Tarchannen Three Investigation.
Tarchannen's down there, Geordi.
Tarella was class M, much like your Earth, with similar humanoid life forms.
Targ milk and Danisian mead comprise the rest.
Target fourteen complete, sir.
Target has disappeared.
Target is destroyed.
Target locked.
Target one is emitting two thousand cubic metres per second.
Target that location and define.
Target the ship.
Target their weapons array only.
Target two, one thousand six hundred.
Target vehicle.
Targeted for what?
Taris got a whole lot more than she bargained for.
Taris, if you've got phaser capability, prepare use them now!
Tarmin did a memory probe on another of your crew.
Tarmin is the most proficient of our group.
Tarmin, we mustn't influence people.
Tarses has all but done the same.
Tarvokian pound cake.
Tarvokian powder cake.
Tash Koh Tah.
Tasha Yar was only a child.
Tasha Yar?
Tasha and I spent much time together.
Tasha asked me to go with her, but I had already joined the Coalition.
Tasha died, a year before you came on the Enterprise.
Tasha exists in our memories as well.
Tasha left you in the middle of all that?
Tasha was my sister.
Tasha!
Tasha, I feel you're very uncertain.
Tasha, don't touch the spines.
Tasha, it's all right.
Tasha, no.
Tasha, please.
Tasha, set coordinates to beam it back where it came from.
Tasha, take over.
Tasha, wait.
Tasha, what's wrong?
Tasha, you and the Counsellor.
Tasha, you're not supposed to be here.
Tasha?
Taste this, Temarek.
Tataglia would be lovely.
Tau Alpha C.
Tau Ceti Three.
Tau Cygna Five is in the de Laure Belt.
Tayna, I'll call up the records.
Tayna, exactly is Apgar doing here?
Tayna, show the Commander's assistant whatever he wants to see.
Tea, Earl Grey.
Teach them about their people, their culture.
Teaching each other skills.
Team Leader.
Team three, increase your output by point two percent.
Team up with the Ferengi, sir?
Technically, Geordi, we were not wrong.
Technically, it's called enantiodromia.
Technically?
Technological perfection can shave too close.
Teenage mating rituals?
Teeth are for chewing.
Telaka commanding.
Telaka, USS Lantree.
Telekinesis?
Telemetry link enabled.
Telemetry looks good.
Telemetry transmissions are being received.
Telepaths?
Teleportation?
Tell Arkaria base that we're almost finished here.
Tell Beverly I said hello.
Tell Commander Riker to join me as soon as he's ready.
Tell Commander Riker to meet us at the rendezvous point as soon as possible.
Tell Data and La Forge to do themselves a favour, and stay out of their way.
Tell Lwaxana to keep him relaxed while we call the cavalry.
Tell McKinley we've been called away on a priority mission.
Tell Mister O'Brien to take all the primary transporters offline.
Tell Sovereign Marouk meet me in transporter three.
Tell Starfleet we're entering the Neutral Zone.
Tell William I'm sorry, but Rex and I are getting married.
Tell her I want the disc returned to me immediately.
Tell her how you feel.
Tell her no.
Tell her nothing.
Tell her to report to Sickbay immediately.
Tell him Admiral Jarok wants to see him.
Tell him Brull has brought us to talk.
Tell him Gloria's here.
Tell him I am coming to the pumping station.
Tell him I am going to destroy the aqueduct.
Tell him I want a meeting right now.
Tell him I'm looking forward to it.
Tell him I'm sorry.
Tell him he is a pretty cat, and a good cat.
Tell him it's Gloria from Cleveland.
Tell him that you would like to visit the Klingon Home world.
Tell him the professor's research is irrefutable.
Tell him to meet us aboard K'mpec's vessel.
Tell him to scrutinize every detail of those caverns on Celtris Three.
Tell him what happened, Narik.
Tell him!
Tell him, Picard.
Tell him, Yuta.
Tell him, lady.
Tell him.
Tell me about Masaka.
Tell me about brushing your hair.
Tell me about her, this new woman.
Tell me about her.
Tell me about males.
Tell me about my friend.
Tell me about some of the other places you've been.
Tell me about the last time you spoke with K'Ehleyr, the night she died.
Tell me about the voices you hear.
Tell me about these patterns.
Tell me about this Habak.
Tell me about those roots.
Tell me about your love or I'll jump!
Tell me about your ship, Riker.
Tell me about, er.
Tell me another joke.
Tell me how many lights you see.
Tell me more about this One.
Tell me more about this cake.
Tell me of the surest method of attack against the Enterprise.
Tell me something, Dixon.
Tell me something, Guinan.
Tell me telepathically.
Tell me that you understand, Renny.
Tell me the location of Commander Data.
Tell me the truth or I will kill you.
Tell me what happened.
Tell me what it's supposed to be, then I'll give you my opinion.
Tell me what this is all about.
Tell me what you believe is wrong.
Tell me what you know about this?
Tell me what you know, and I'll pull some strings.
Tell me what you know.
Tell me what you suspect.
Tell me what you want from me, or allow me to leave.
Tell me what you want, William.
Tell me what you've been up to.
Tell me where you've hidden the Tox Uthat.
Tell me you are not afraid.
Tell me you love jazz.
Tell me you love me.
Tell me!
Tell me, Amanda.
Tell me, Captain, who was the young man I met before?
Tell me, Commander Riker, what do you make of this?
Tell me, Commander.
Tell me, Counsellor, have you ever been involved in diplomatic negotiations?
Tell me, Data, what happened?
Tell me, Doctor, how do we kill them?
Tell me, Governor, I'm curious.
Tell me, Jean-Luc, where did we first meet?
Tell me, Major, where did you train?
Tell me, Taggert, if she served you as well as you say, why did you let her go?
Tell me, Tallera, what are these artefacts we've been collecting?
Tell me, Tin Man, how does it feel to face your own extinction.
Tell me, do I look somewhat familiar to you?
Tell me, does Jean-Luc come here often?
Tell me, have you killed yet?
Tell me, have you known him long?
Tell me, how can I talk to her?
Tell me, how is it that you come to this ship, that uniform?
Tell me, how long have I been missing?
Tell me, how long have you held your appointment onboard this vessel?
Tell me, is that the kind of woman that all human males prefer?
Tell me, is your entire population made up of clones, Prime Minister?
Tell me, might it have something to do with time shifts?
Tell me, mother.
Tell me, what awaits us beyond this life.
Tell me, what is it you wish and I'll be gone.
Tell me, what is your relationship with the Klingon, J'Dan?
Tell me, what it is like for the hunter to lie down with the prey?
Tell me, whatever happened to that wonderful Klingon fatalism of yours?
Tell me, where were you a moment ago?
Tell me, who am I?
Tell me, why is it that no one has seen this Ronin except you?
Tell me, why is the corridor so quiet?
Tell me, you could have repaired it.
Tell mommy what's wrong.
Tell my father I'm sorry.
Tell my father you killed me.
Tell that to Commander La Forge and the rest of the away team.
Tell the captain I am ready, First Officer.
Tell them I accept the conditions of negotiation.
Tell them I need another host.
Tell them about the pattern in the sand.
Tell them of us, my darling.
Tell them they're on their own.
Tell them to coordinate all efforts with Commander Data.
Tell them to prepare for a rendezvous.
Tell them to stand by.
Tell them we have an emergency situation.
Tell them we won't be joining the search for awhile.
Tell them we're only minutes away.
Tell them why.
Tell them you want to know the truth.
Tell them, tell them we haven't finished yet.
Tell us about this other mission.
Tell us again.
Tell us what you need, Doctor.
Tell you what.
Tell your Captain the mission is in jeopardy.
Tell your father that you would like to leave.
Telling them?
Telurian plague.
Temarek, no.
Temba at rest.
Temba is a person?
Temba!
Temba?
Temper, temper, Sheriff.
Temperature approaching sixty million degrees Kelvin.
Temperature at ninety million degrees Kelvin.
Temperature in target zone increasing to eighty one million degrees, sir.
Temperature in the reaction chamber has increased by forty seven percent.
Temperature in the reaction chamber has returned to normal.
Temperature increase is at one hundred six percent and rising.
Temperature inside the cabin is still normal.
Temperature is one hundred and seventy million degrees Kelvin.
Temperature is rising in the core again, Captain.
Temperature is still twenty one degrees and the shield is holding.
Temperature ninety seven degrees Kelvin.
Temperature now minus one hundred ninety degrees.
Temperature?
Tempering is taken to extremes.
Tempo allegro.
Temporal disturbance?
Temporal energy is rupturing our warp containment system!
Temporary memory loss is common for this kind of injury.
Temporary repairs to the ship have been completed.
Ten Forward is a designated shelter area.
Ten Forward is the centre of the ship's social activity.
Ten Forward out.
Ten Forward to Bridge.
Ten Forward, nineteen hundred hours.
Ten Forward, this is Captain Picard.
Ten Forward, we are moving the ship as you requested.
Ten Forward, we're outside the door.
Ten androids just like you might be able to force that thing open.
Ten cc's cordrazine.
Ten cc's of cordrazine.
Ten generations of your progeny.
Ten million kilometres.
Ten minutes?
Ten of those refused to believe a threat exists.
Ten other people reported hearing voices at the same time I did.
Ten people here, sir, all frozen.
Ten percent.
Ten personal logs.
Ten seconds remaining.
Ten seconds to auto-destruct.
Ten seconds to seal off.
Ten seconds to stellar blast, sir.
Ten seconds.
Ten starships asking questions, contacting hundreds of your people.
Ten what?
Ten years later, the Spanish returned to reconquer the area.
Ten, seven, queen.
Tend the fire.
Tending to your every need?
Tens and deuces for the Doctor.
Tensile strength, forty kilobars.
Tension is hardly the word I'd use.
Terikon particle decay profile does not fall within specified reference range.
Terikon profile negative.
Terikon profile positive.
Terkim.
Terminate communications.
Terminate life support.
Terminating the beam.
Termination of all life support in five seconds.
Terms accepted.
Terraform Command has asked us to see how you were getting along.
Terraformers are often obsessive.
Terraforming makes you feel a little god-like.
Terrible despair.
Terrible loneliness.
Terrible, Captain, to see a woman go downhill like this.
Terribly wrong.
Terrified?
Terrifying.
Territories!
Terrorist carrier?
Terry, I want you down in Engineering working on a new coupling.
Test complete.
Test whether this is presently true of humans.
Testing a theory, Captain.
Testing parameters?
Tests of pain?
Tests?
Tetryon emissions continue to increase.
Tetryon emissions have decreased by nineteen percent.
Tetryon particles have a random momentum.
Tetryon traces.
Tetryons?
Text only.
Than any of ours.
Thank Aunt Adele.
Thank God you're here.
Thank God?
Thank the Almighty you're available today, Holmes, I'm in a deuce of a dilemma.
Thank the Four Deities you're here.
Thank you Captain.
Thank you again, Captain.
Thank you all for coming.
Thank you both.
Thank you for Paris.
Thank you for agreeing to see me in this condition.
Thank you for allowing me to participate.
Thank you for breakfast.
Thank you for checking on us, Captain.
Thank you for coming on board, Mister Dokachin.
Thank you for coming with me, Mister Worf.
Thank you for coming.
Thank you for everything.
Thank you for going over the flight protocols, Commander.
Thank you for helping me.
Thank you for making it clear to me.
Thank you for making me face my other half.
Thank you for my human quality, Doctor Soong.
Thank you for receiving us, Captain.
Thank you for responding.
Thank you for saving my life.
Thank you for seeing me.
Thank you for sharing all of this with me.
Thank you for sharing that information.
Thank you for taking the time to talk to us, DaiMon.
Thank you for that information, too.
Thank you for the confirmation, Doctor.
Thank you for the drinks.
Thank you for the encouragement.
Thank you for the tea and crumpets.
Thank you for this opportunity.
Thank you for watching him while I was away.
Thank you for your advice, but I'm trying to find two individuals with a snake.
Thank you for your advice.
Thank you for your assistance.
Thank you for your co-operation.
Thank you for your concern, but I think I know what I'm doing.
Thank you for your concern.
Thank you for your generous offer.
Thank you for your help, Captain.
Thank you for your help, Doctor.
Thank you for your help, Number One.
Thank you for your help.
Thank you for your kindness, Doctor.
Thank you for your opinion, but I will judge that for myself.
Thank you for your time.
Thank you ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you so much for joining us.
Thank you, Ambassador.
Thank you, Ardra.
Thank you, Beverly.
Thank you, Captain Picard, thank you.
Thank you, Captain, there is no need to continue.
Thank you, Captain, you're right.
Thank you, Chief, and well done.
Thank you, Commander, and welcome home.
Thank you, Deanna.
Thank you, Doctor Crusher, we appreciate your time.
Thank you, Doctor, Mister La Forge.
Thank you, Doctor, for everything.
Thank you, Ensign Locklin.
Thank you, Ensign, that's enough.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Hedril.
Thank you, Jack.
Thank you, Lal.
Thank you, Lore.
Thank you, Madeline.
Thank you, Minister.
Thank you, Miss Annie.
Thank you, Mister Barclay.
Thank you, Mister Clemens.
Thank you, Mister Krags.
Thank you, Mister La Forge, but you've done your job.
Thank you, Mister Locarno.
Thank you, Mister Tarses.
Thank you, Mister Worf.
Thank you, Picard.
Thank you, Professor.
Thank you, Trent.
Thank you, Wesley.
Thank you, Will.
Thank you, but I prefer to remain intact.
Thank you, but I seem to have become efficient a little later than was needed.
Thank you, but I should prepare for the ceremony.
Thank you, but we have evolved beyond any need for your assistance.
Thank you, but we have no use for such a thing.
Thank you, but what would be the point?
Thank you, conn.
Thank you, father.
Thank you, for everything.
Thank you, lad.
Thank you, madam.
Thank you, my friend.
Thank you, no, Captain.
Thank you, seer.
Thank you, sir, and call me Scotty.
Thank you, sir, but I don't need protection.
Thank you, sir, but it's not right.
Thank you, sir, for everything.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, that will not be necessary.
Thank you, your Honour.
Thankfully, no.
Thanks a lot, Worf.
Thanks for assigning me to this mission.
Thanks for coming, folks.
Thanks for coming.
Thanks for letting me sit in.
Thanks for staying with me.
Thanks for sticking by me.
Thanks for the game.
Thanks for the ride.
Thanks for the time.
Thanks for trying, Enterprise.
Thanks for trying.
Thanks for waiting.
Thanks for your help, Wes, but you'd better get aboard the Bradbury.
Thanks for your help, officer.
Thanks for your help, sir.
Thanks for your help.
Thanks to Lore's report, we now know what happened to the colonists.
Thanks to the two of you, the way has been paved for further rescue operations.
Thanks to you, Doctor.
Thanks you.
Thanks, Captain.
Thanks, Counsellor.
Thanks, Dad.
Thanks, Ensign.
Thanks, Mom.
Thanks, Number One.
Thanks, but I think I can figure it out myself.
Thanks, but I'll be going now.
Thanks, but I'm not interested in any of your propositions.
Thanks, but I'm pretty sure I'll be all right.
Thanks, but don't think a compliment's going to get you out of our bet.
That Admiral Kennelly would consider supplying weapons to the terrorists?
That Data and I are the only ones aboard this ship capable of doing it.
That Data has other plans for the Enterprise right now.
That I can't answer.
That I damaged our only chance.
That I find you, here on the ledge, ready to jump?
That I have been chosen to fulfill a great purpose.
That I haven't lost my mind?
That I should get some exercise and strengthen my arm.
That I should just hand over the Empire?
That I was right about all of this.
That I was sick.
That I will not be able to lie beside you when my Resolution comes.
That Majel is actually wearing.
That Worf be condemned as the son of a traitor to the Empire.
That Yridian is selling lies!
That Yridian is selling lies.
That about does it.
That act had no reason.
That action injured you, and saved me.
That analogy is essentially correct, sir.
That analogy is not exactly
That analysis is correct.
That and many more like it.
That and the sheer amount of rock is going to slow down our search a little.
That android fella.
That area was colonized fairly recently, as I recall.
That array has such a narrow scan field.
That bearing is almost directly along our planned course, sir.
That beats my fours.
That being first, at any cost, is not always the point.
That being?
That beverage has not been programmed into the replication system.
That blows the top right off the spatial-acuity percentiles.
That break in the hull might even be on the Bridge itself.
That brick may be an important clue.
That bubble was definitely contained in Engineering.
That call for help was probably initiated over a thousand years ago.
That can change.
That can wait.
That can't be helped.
That can't be native to the planet.
That candle has been a curse on your family for generations.
That candle has brought nothing but misery and bad luck to your grandmother.
That cannot be easily replaced.
That cannot be possible.
That cannot be.
That cargo is the property of the Tal Shiar.
That changes nothing.
That changes the map a little.
That charge nearly knocked out his positronic net.
That coil is misaligned.
That comes with this uniform.
That commitment meant more to him than his own life.
That could be a problem.
That could be anything.
That could be helpful.
That could be significant.
That could be you, if you were mated to B'Etor.
That could be, sir.
That could explain it.
That could explain the difference.
That could have been nothing more than a malfunction.
That could have just meant she was good at math.
That could help relieve the symptoms but it Can't correct the underlying cause.
That could make socialisation more difficult.
That could possibly indicate subspace transition rebound during transport.
That damn ringing.
That dark fellow there used the word arch, and then.
That day I vowed that I would put an end to terrorism in this city.
That death will be honourable.
That decision is not yours to make, Cadet.
That delivery was very orderly.
That demonstrates a serious lack of judgment.
That depends on a lot of things.
That depends on how you're doing.
That device emitted a very specific energy signature.
That did not take long.
That didn't happen, Commander.
That didn't quite come out the way I meant, sir.
That disease is contagious.
That does not apply.
That does not correspond with the information in my tricorder, sir.
That does not excuse his original actions.
That does not happen here.
That does not justify brutalising her, nor any of the others you have used.
That does not make him a traitor.
That does seem only fair.
That doesn't fit the pattern.
That doesn't give us much time to retrieve the database.
That doesn't give us much time, and it could get pretty rough in there.
That doesn't look like any storm front I've ever seen.
That doesn't make any sense.
That doesn't matter as long as you enjoy it.
That doesn't matter at this hotel.
That doesn't matter now!
That doesn't mean I have to like it.
That doesn't mean as long as it's safe or convenient.
That doesn't mean his life is over.
That doesn't mean she should be bored to death.
That doesn't mean that their parents should let them stay in their cribs.
That doesn't say much.
That doesn't sound like Data either.
That doesn't sound like a man who's planning on taking his own life.
That doesn't sound like my little brother who always wanted advice on women.
That doesn't sound like self-defence to me.
That doesn't sound like you, Geordi.
That doesn't sound particularly reassuring.
That doesn't suggest a Romulan connection?
That don't sound like a bright idea.
That energy cloud, Commander.
That engine computer net wasn't repaired, sir.
That everybody could have been killed.
That explains a few things.
That explains it.
That explains something of why you defeated them.
That explains the chroniton fields I am detecting in here now.
That explains this data.
That explains why our beards didn't grow.
That explains why you don't look at all like your holographs.
That explains, Riker.
That fact is not in dispute.
That feels much better.
That fine vessel was Ferengi.
That firing them might produce catastrophic effects.
That for some reason, she has retreated into her metaconscious mind.
That gal has got to win.
That gave them a noble cause.
That gives us a little breathing space.
That gives us enough strength to control seven key sectors.
That goes without saying.
That got to be it.
That grid, their wounds.
That guard must be working for the Kes.
That happens later.
That happens to be why I came to Risa.
That has a nice sound to it, Data.
That has always been my intention.
That has always been your position.
That has been established by the genetic scan.
That has not changed.
That has nothing to do with it.
That hatch is huge.
That he appeared in a cave or a laboratory?
That he cheated.
That he has no father?
That he insisted that I come here to look for you?
That he was, in fact, murdered.
That he will lose himself.
That helps a lot.
That human-shaped robots need not be clumsy or limited.
That if I could let you know that I was alive, maybe you'd wait for me.
That implies deception, does it not?
That implies we may be joined by another captive.
That in itself might control their symptoms.
That inborn craving to gauge your capabilities through conflict.
That incident in Engineering was inexcusable.
That indicated to me that his suggestion might be the correct course of action.
That information comes with a price.
That is Lal, my daughter.
That is Penthor-Mul being led from his trial.
That is Tarrana, my daughter.
That is a beginning.
That is a big question.
That is a bit unusual.
That is a complex question, Lal.
That is a fascinating hypothesis.
That is a fish you are holding.
That is a good guess.
That is a great story!
That is a human attitude.
That is a human expression.
That is a jinaq.
That is a lie.
That is a most intriguing idea, sir.
That is a particularly spellbinding subject.
That is a powerful vision.
That is a reasonable assumption.
That is a reasonable conclusion.
That is a remote sector.
That is a skill we will help you develop.
That is a standard complement for a ship of that class.
That is a torpedo launch initiator, and, it is Worf, Madame, not Woof.
That is a valid projection.
That is a woman's game.
That is absolutely out of the question.
That is all I ask.
That is all I could manage.
That is all I was waiting for.
That is all that is left of the crew of the cruiser T'Acog?
That is all you need to know of Masaka.
That is all.
That is also what destroyed the Vico.
That is an excellent idea.
That is an incredibly outmoded and sexist attitude.
That is an integral component of marriage?
That is an interesting but pointless lie.
That is an interesting.
That is an observation I'd expect from Counsellor Troi.
That is an order!
That is an order, Counsellor.
That is an order, Doctor.
That is an outrage!
That is an unacceptable security risk.
That is an understatement, Data.
That is an understatement, Number One.
That is another story.
That is beyond my purview.
That is by no means certain, Doctor, but I was referring to you.
That is called a spoon.
That is considered to be funny?
That is correct, Ambassador.
That is correct, Counsellor.
That is correct, Mister La Forge.
That is correct, Riker.
That is enough, Counsellor.
That is enough, Ensign.
That is enough, damn it!
That is enough, please.
That is even more significant than the object itself, Counsellor.
That is exactly how it appeared.
That is exactly where the ion trail is leading, Commander.
That is extraordinary.
That is extremely helpful.
That is foolish.
That is four hundred and fifty percent more efficient than our own warp drive.
That is going to take a little more work.
That is hardly a scientific observation, Commander.
That is his right, And I will not waste time trying to reverse that decision.
That is his special nature.
That is how I was able to anticipate your final tactic and capture you.
That is how the Klingon lures a mate.
That is impossible!
That is impossible, sir.
That is impossible?
That is incorrect.
That is life.
That is most unlikely.
That is my business.
That is my conclusion as well, Commander.
That is my home?
That is my wish as well.
That is no better than a ransom demand.
That is not a crime, Worf.
That is not a problem.
That is not a valid question.
That is not a weakness.
That is not acceptable, Mister Data.
That is not bad.
That is not correct.
That is not entirely correct.
That is not entirely true.
That is not funny.
That is not his name, of course, nor have you ever really met him.
That is not how you play this game.
That is not in my power.
That is not my concern.
That is not my purpose.
That is not necessarily true, Grandpa.
That is not our way.
That is not possible for me, sir.
That is not possible!
That is not quite true.
That is not reasonable.
That is not right.
That is not satisfactory.
That is not so.
That is not surprising.
That is not the correct port, sir.
That is not the molecular fuser it had when it entered the Jefferies tube.
That is not the natural conclusion here.
That is not the purpose of the mission.
That is not the whole meaning, but it is part of it.
That is not true!
That is not what I mean.
That is not what you promised me!
That is not who I am.
That is one of the truths that all human must learn.
That is one possibility.
That is our greatest advantage.
That is our theory.
That is outrageous.
That is part of my dilemma.
That is part of the ritual.
That is part of what we wish to discuss.
That is possible.
That is precisely what I had hoped to avoid.
That is precisely what happened to Lal in school.
That is precisely what we must do.
That is quite true, sir.
That is regrettable.
That is ridiculous, Doctor.
That is ridiculous.
That is right.
That is simplistic.
That is something of an understatement.
That is still our destination?
That is superb designing.
That is the clay mask I originally made.
That is the correct log.
That is the exact number there should be.
That is the exploration that awaits you.
That is the extent of the data we were able to recover from the flight recorder.
That is the firomactal drive unit.
That is the highest priority.
That is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
That is the only answer I can give.
That is the point of marriage, I suppose.
That is the reason I have became an expert on the Crystalline Entity.
That is the response of a Klingon.
That is the safest assumption.
That is the safest course.
That is the same place that Data stabbed her.
That is the uniform of a Klingon!
That is the way I think of him, sir.
That is the way of things.
That is their greatest advantage.
That is their loss.
That is trouble.
That is true, Doctor, but what would you want me to say?
That is true, Doctor.
That is true, but it was enough to get my attention.
That is understandable.
That is unfair.
That is unfortunate.
That is unusual.
That is usually fatal.
That is very gracious of you to say, Doctor, but I have not been injured by you.
That is what I am trying to do, sir, but the solution eludes me.
That is what an agreement is.
That is what humans call a truism.
That is what is generally believed.
That is what is written on the container.
That is what must survive.
That is what the colonists called you, isn't it?
That is what the military has done for Cardassia.
That is what troubles me.
That is what you are.
That is what you believe.
That is what you do best, isn't it?
That is what you said.
That is what you want me to tell him?
That is when I woke up.
That is where Mogh's alleged transmission should be.
That is why I am boosting the power.
That is why I called you here.
That is why I have asked Geordi to adjust my subprocessor.
That is why I must attempt this, sir.
That is why no matter where he is or what he has done, you must find him.
That is why the ship's forward sensors did not detect them initially.
That is why the two of you captured me, isn't it?
That is why there is a second beam between the two ships.
That is why we chose La Forge.
That is why we must to stop this now, before it's too late.
That is why you haven't been on the Bridge.
That is why you must choose a gender, Lal, to complete your appearance.
That is why you wanted to take Alexander away.
That is you.
That is your misfortune.
That is your place of honour.
That is your prerogative, sir.
That is your viewpoint.
That is, if he's still commanding the Enterprise when you graduate.
That is, if it's all right with you, Jean-Luc.
That is, if we survive the ride.
That is, in fact, our Prime Directive.
That is, ironically, what this is about.
That is, the Enterprise which is indigenous to this universe.
That isn't going do it.
That isn't necessary.
That isn't the brother that I remember.
That isn't true.
That isn't what happen to you.
That isn't your style.
That it did, Number One.
That it had been destroyed or that it was buried in that rock back there.
That it is Romulan blood you carry and a Romulan heritage that you honour?
That it looked exactly like Iresine syndrome except for the histamine count?
That it might help stimulate the brain, speed the healing.
That it's all a delusion?
That it's because of him that she's staying?
That just won't do either.
That kind of control is an illusion.
That kind of vacation isn't for a man like you.
That knot won't hold.
That leaves saltzgadum and invidium, neither of which has been used for decades.
That leaves us but one alternative.
That leaves you with only two.
That level three diagnostic we talked about.
That library seems designed to do so much more than simply store information.
That life with me would have somehow made you ordinary.
That looks like one of Doctor Reyga's shield configurations.
That make you three for three, doesn't it?
That makes it my concern.
That makes it sound better to be female.
That makes me even more curious.
That makes two of us.
That man is bereft of passion and imagination.
That man is in a lot of trouble.
That man said he was laying a foundation.
That may be coming from our shuttle.
That may be difficult.
That may be impossible, sir.
That may be so, but it's not my decision.
That may be their Achilles heel, Captain.
That may be too late.
That may be true.
That may change, however, if we start interfering with their plans.
That may explain some of the familiar feelings we have.
That may have been the cause of Geordi and Ro's death.
That may not be Lieutenant Uhnari.
That may not be entirely true, Professor.
That may not be possible, sir.
That may pose a problem.
That means Uhnari is a coalescent.
That means a complete diagnostic check of the Enterprise power systems.
That means it could respond to heat, or collinated energy.
That means it doesn't have much range.
That means something.
That means that someone deliberately changed the setting.
That means the atmosphere of the planet would instantly rush in.
That means you are, too.
That means you have to get control of the train.
That might be a good idea.
That might be able to scan beyond the subspace barrier.
That might give us some answers.
That might give us some idea of what the interior of this thing looks like.
That might open up a window that the Enterprise can use to beam us out.
That might tell us why it's losing so little energy.
That miserable existence is all she's known for the last eighteen years.
That much we do know.
That much will always be true.
That must be Captain Telaka on the left.
That must be it.
That must be tempting.
That must be what we're looking for.
That must cover a lot of ground.
That must have been a very safe position to be in.
That must have been during your vacation last year.
That must take some of fun out it?
That never happened.
That nonsense is centuries behind us.
That offer does present a certain fascination.
That one was not created by the archive, sir.
That one.
That only proves that he is intelligent.
That ought to give us a reliable measure.
That ought to give you something.
That ought to neutralise it.
That our computer was daydreaming?
That person is you.
That pleases me.
That poem was written in anapaestic tetrameter.
That pretty well indicates that they're Vulcan.
That probe is doing something to him.
That probe was a transmitter sending an alien computer programme.
That procedure is not recommended.
That procedure would be extremely hazardous while the ship was in flight.
That programme is already in use.
That programme is available.
That prolonged exposure to the heat induces a hallucinatory effect.
That proves nothing.
That puts me in a difficult position.
That puts you about six weeks ahead of my original schedule.
That question is irrelevant here.
That race is an ancient offshoot of the Romulans.
That research was only preliminary.
That rules out a distress signal.
That same feeling.
That same pain?
That sap running through the veins helps keep it warm.
That school is more than a challenge.
That secret hiding place of yours?
That seems rather risky, Doctor.
That seems so cruel.
That seems to be a recurring phrase these days.
That seems to be it's method of reprogramming, Captain.
That she and Riker acted alone.
That she thought he was after her position.
That she's Q.
That ship belongs in a museum.
That ship easily matches our armament, Commander.
That ship from the past is not supposed to be here.
That ship was rendered warp inactive.
That ship was sent out over seventy five years ago.
That shocks you, Bolian?
That should allow me to maintain verbal contact.
That should be my epitaph.
That should be no problem.
That should boost the lift capacity by seventy two percent.
That should clear up the dizziness.
That should destroy half of this building.
That should do it, Captain.
That should double the shield strength.
That should give you and your colleagues something to talk about.
That should have been enough.
That should have no effect on the shuttle cabin.
That should have put our boy to sleep.
That should increase his value.
That should keep the resin stable enough for transport.
That should lead to another tunnel that connects up to the surface.
That should make it about here.
That should minimise the seismic stress that we generate while we're drilling.
That should not be possible.
That should produce a superfluid gas eruption.
That should put it back on track.
That should put us right behind shuttlebay two.
That should reach almost everyone.
That should stabilise him long enough to get him up to the ship.
That should suffice.
That should tell us if there is a biological match.
That should weaken the field enough to let us through.
That shouldn't be possible.
That shouldn't have happened.
That shuttlebus I told you about?
That signature is constant.
That simply has to stop.
That single shipment of felicium represents an enormous investment.
That smaller symbol could represent Korgano.
That smells of Jameson.
That so-called science station?
That sooner or later someone or something will be along to collect him.
That sound again.
That sounded like a very intense discussion.
That sounds about right.
That sounds delightful.
That sounds like Judge Aaron Satie.
That sounds like a good idea.
That sounds like a good place to start.
That sounds like a wonderful idea.
That sounds like an excellent idea.
That sounds like an illogical philosophy.
That sounds like animals.
That sounds like good news.
That sounds like quite a project.
That sounds like someone who hated life.
That sounds like that'll use up a lot of warp energy.
That sounds like the next logical step.
That sounds nice.
That sounds reasonable, sir.
That space and time and thought aren't the separate things they appear to be?
That star could explode at any moment.
That star has a superdense corona.
That star's going to go any minute, sir.
That still hurts.
That still leaves a search area of more than three hundred square kilometres.
That still won't give us control of the ship.
That story is generally considered to be apocryphal.
That structure is surrounded by breathable air.
That stuff gets unstable at around three hundred and fifty rads.
That suggests movement through this area during the last ten hours.
That sure fits with her story.
That surge of emotion inside you as you watched the life drain from your victim.
That surprises you?
That sweep is just as big a threat to you as it is to us.
That table.
That takes a little more explanation.
That takes care of the practical, but there's more to growing up than that.
That takes its toll on people.
That tear the planet apart.
That terrifies you.
That the Dremans are fated to die?
That the Ferengi are, well, the best description may be traders.
That the crew of the T'Ong has already revived.
That there is no justification for all the extra dicosilium I've requested?
That there is room for discussion, Radue.
That there would be no more retribution, no more revenge.
That there's no justification for all the extra dicosilium I've requested?
That they outmatch him at almost every turn?
That thing could kill you.
That thing did it.
That thing isn't even the same species as we are.
That thing just sucked the life right out of her.
That this could happen now, it's unimaginable.
That thought had passed through my mind, Counsellor.
That thought has crossed our minds.
That too is the mark of the warrior.
That turned him around.
That understanding is beyond Data.
That vacation must have been better than he let on.
That war cost you hundreds of thousands of lives.
That war was over many years ago.
That was Commander Geordi La Forge, Ensign.
That was Ensign Wesley Crusher.
That was Klingon guile.
That was a beautiful.
That was a cruel joke you played on me.
That was a difficult admission.
That was a gift from the Captain.
That was a great speech, Data.
That was a joke I just told you.
That was a perimeter warning from the Remmler Array.
That was a real improvement.
That was a terrible mistake.
That was a very effective demonstration.
That was a wise choice, Ensign.
That was absolutely thrilling.
That was all a very, very long time ago.
That was an incredible programme.
That was different.
That was family.
That was going to be my question.
That was great.
That was his plan all along.
That was just a baby.
That was just an expression.
That was just part of my memory.
That was meant as a joke, Captain.
That was months ago.
That was my experience as well.
That was my watch.
That was never actually a possibility.
That was nice of you.
That was normal to you.
That was not a Klingon song.
That was not a request.
That was not manual override.
That was not my question, Cadet.
That was not my question, Number One.
That was not the agreement.
That was nothing to the problems we encountered.
That was only after you told Clara not to be my friend.
That was only an analogy, Captain.
That was orders.
That was our first contact with human culture.
That was our job.
That was our masterpiece.
That was personal.
That was really mean.
That was really some stung you pulled on Adam Martoni in the physics lab.
That was rich in nitrium.
That was setting number one.
That was standard procedure at the time.
That was the first clue, Watson.
That was the intent.
That was the last time the brothers would speak.
That was the lowest possible setting.
That was the missing part.
That was the only way he could be convinced that your quest had been futile.
That was the second fastest time ever recorded on this test.
That was the stun setting.
That was the test?
That was to have been my question of you, sir.
That was truly unique.
That was very foolish.
That was very thoughtful of him.
That was very thoughtful, Captain.
That was when she was separated from Worf.
That was you, of course, Kalin Trose.
That was your own damn stubborn pride.
That wasn't it.
That wasn't so bad, was it.
That wasn't telepathy, it was just common sense.
That wasn't too bad.
That wasn't very clever, Mister Mot.
That way it should put it just one bulkhead away from the Bridge.
That way it will help to prevent dehydration.
That way we can be sure that I don't leave the ship.
That way we can minimise the risks in bringing her to you.
That way we could at least look at the Bridge.
That way we'll be able to be in continual communication.
That way, I can give you a completely objective opinion regarding treatment.
That way, if something goes wrong, I don't have to go far for the cause.
That way, it'll keep recording whether you open it or not.
That way, my visual cortex never.
That way, the corresponding manoeuvres would be virtually instantaneous.
That we get confirmation of this mission from our headquarters.
That we had an adventure together, some fun.
That we'd stay out of trouble, sir.
That we're on the right track.
That weakened the containment field surrounding the antimatter pods.
That weapon was working yesterday.
That went very well.
That weren't so.
That what I love about you, Data.
That will all be up to the Captain.
That will be acceptable.
That will be all for now.
That will be all for today.
That will be all, Mister Data.
That will be enough for now, Jayden.
That will be most helpful in my efforts to mediate the quarrel.
That will be no guarantee that we will escape undetected.
That will be the day.
That will be your top priority.
That will become clear very shortly.
That will bring his fluidic temperature down and allow this to pass.
That will bring them here in just minutes, sir.
That will buy us time.
That will clear your memory block.
That will define the parameters.
That will flood three decks with radiation!
That will get her attention.
That will give a clue as to what his next move will be.
That will give me the time to finish some projects I have to do.
That will give us more time.
That will give us plenty of time to discuss this further.
That will never change.
That will not be a problem.
That will not be necessary, Admiral.
That will not be necessary, Doctor.
That will not be possible.
That will not change.
That will only deceive them for a few minutes.
That will take a couple of hours.
That will take us very close to the Neutral Zone, Captain.
That woman.
That won't accomplish anything, sir.
That won't affect Data.
That won't be difficult.
That won't be possible.
That won't cut it.
That won't give us enough time.
That won't help.
That word demand has a tone of finality.
That would also not be an atypical Romulan ploy, sir.
That would be Scotch, neat.
That would be a bit hard to explain.
That would be a great advantage.
That would be a mistake.
That would be a most noble cause, Q.
That would be a waste of my talents.
That would be an incorrect assumption.
That would be confusing.
That would be consistent with our telemetry readings from the ship.
That would be consistent with the other artefacts we recovered.
That would be consistent.
That would be crazy.
That would be delightful.
That would be disastrous.
That would be far more appropriate.
That would be ideal.
That would be inadvisable.
That would be like striking a spark in a gas-filled room.
That would be me.
That would be most beneficial.
That would be prudent.
That would be reasonable.
That would be satisfactory.
That would be small comfort for those who have died to feed it.
That would be starting from scratch, Mister Data.
That would be the prudent move.
That would be their next likely target.
That would be unwise.
That would be wrong.
That would certainly be sufficient, sir.
That would cover the starboard nacelle.
That would destroy an area eight hundred kilometres in radius.
That would destroy the Enterprise and him along with it.
That would destroy the Enterprise.
That would entail the use of Klingon painstiks.
That would explain his anxiety.
That would explain the accent.
That would explain the dizziness and the headaches.
That would explain the fever and the burning skin.
That would explain the headaches, dizziness.
That would explain these costumes.
That would explain why the rest of our crew is not dreaming.
That would explain why they haven't respond to our hails.
That would explain why they're so far away from Romulan space.
That would explain why we don't have engine power.
That would explain why you have no love for Cardassians.
That would explain your the headaches and the dizziness.
That would gain you nothing.
That would get their attention, all right.
That would give him authorised access to the Bridge.
That would have been it, except that the replacement is faulty.
That would have definite advantages.
That would have required the talents of a master programmer.
That would leave us without warp power for more than a week.
That would leave you defenceless.
That would make my mother your step-mother.
That would mean breaking Taguan law.
That would not be advisable.
That would not be consistent with the debris pattern.
That would not be ethical.
That would not be looked upon favourably by the Federation, I'd imagine.
That would not be possible.
That would not be wise.
That would place a dreadful burden on the children.
That would play right into Gul Lemec's hand.
That would probably make things a little easier.
That would put him somewhere on deck six.
That would put it in orbit above the western magnetic pole, Running visual scan.
That would put them on a course to Vulcan.
That would put us close enough to get to the crewmen.
That would represent a fundamental shift of power in this quadrant.
That would require an emotional context which I cannot provide.
That would seem to be a necessary first step.
That would seem to be reasonable.
That would seem to be superstition.
That would significantly narrow our search.
That would solve the problem, wouldn't it?
That would suggest the nitrium has been organically metabolised.
That would take us in the wrong direction.
That wouldn't be wise.
That you are from another planet.
That you could have been an archaeologist and not a starship Captain?
That you did.
That you know I did it for you, because I love you.
That you make mistakes like any man.
That you were looking forward to meeting him.
That you will not lie beside my mother.
That you will visit me.
That you're alive.
That young?
That your interest in Kareen is not purely professional.
That!
That'd be a shame.
That'll be all for now.
That'll be all, gentlemen.
That'll be quite a juggling act.
That'll do nicely.
That'll give everyone a laugh.
That'll give us plenty of opportunity to study this phenomenon.
That'll give us the focus we need.
That'll have to wait.
That'll kill him.
That's America.
That's Cadet Locarno coming into view.
That's Captain Q to you, young man.
That's Chief O'Brien.
That's Chorgan's ship.
That's Cochrane distortion.
That's Commander Riker.
That's Donald.
That's Gowron.
That's Law Thirty Six.
That's Mister Suna, the hospital Administrator.
That's a Captain's order.
That's a Cardassian planet.
That's a Cardassian ship.
That's a beautiful story.
That's a big leap, Data.
That's a bit on the long side.
That's a bone in your leg.
That's a completely different phenomenon.
That's a complication.
That's a conceit, but it's a healthy one.
That's a connection too.
That's a crude, but accurate term.
That's a custom we may have to introduce again.
That's a gentleman's cane.
That's a good boy.
That's a good idea, Barclay.
That's a good idea, Data.
That's a good idea, but I feel that the answer lies there, with Masaka.
That's a good idea, but there's no way to get that device to the source.
That's a good possibility.
That's a good question, Data.
That's a good sign.
That's a good thing.
That's a great idea, son.
That's a horrible thing to say to a man.
That's a human that has the answers to a lot of questions.
That's a joke.
That's a lie.
That's a long time alone in the dark.
That's a lot of land for one man to cover.
That's a lot to review.
That's a matter of protection.
That's a plasma fire.
That's a possibility, but this is very circumstantial evidence.
That's a response to our signal.
That's a risky thing to do in the Demilitarised Zone.
That's a significant step forward.
That's a song I used to sing when I was at school.
That's a story I'd like to hear.
That's a story the Doctor will tell you.
That's a sudden yearning for that.
That's a superconducting magnet, isn't it?
That's a tough choice.
That's a tough one.
That's a very good idea, but first we should take a break.
That's a very good impression of Doctor Mizan.
That's a very human perspective, Will.
That's a very long time to have such technology.
That's about two kilometres of solid granite above their heads.
That's absurd!
That's actually why I reoriented the dilithium crystal.
That's affirmative, Commander.
That's against the Captain's standing orders.
That's all I can tell you for now.
That's all I did on Klavdia Three, was learn.
That's all I had to say.
That's all I need for now.
That's all I wanted to know.
That's all I was interested in.
That's all I'll say.
That's all a parent can hope to do.
That's all of them except for the two on the Bridge.
That's all right, you're doing fine.
That's all she ever was.
That's all that really matters to you, isn't it?
That's all there is.
That's all we ask.
That's all we can do for now.
That's all we know.
That's all you care about, starting these damn experiments again.
That's all you have to do.
That's all you need if you're a damned fool.
That's almost exactly what you said.
That's alright, Mister Worf.
That's alright.
That's also why we couldn't get the core online.
That's an EPS power tap.
That's an emotional response, Will.
That's an excellent idea, Counsellor.
That's an excuse.
That's an interesting ability.
That's an interesting cane.
That's an interesting challenge.
That's an interesting point.
That's an interesting question.
That's an interesting twist.
That's an old human expression.
That's as good a way to die as any.
That's as strong as they're going to get.
That's at least one full day for subspace communications to reach there.
That's at least six hours work.
That's because
That's because it's playing a stupid little game with us.
That's because she isn't.
That's because there is no a wormhole.
That's been locked out with the rest of the command functions.
That's better than nothing.
That's better, isn't it?
That's beyond their visual spectrum.
That's called dresci.
That's called transposition.
That's certainly good to know.
That's crazy, that's not practicing medicine.
That's crazy.
That's dangerous.
That's different.
That's easy for you to say.
That's easy.
That's enough to make anybody uneasy.
That's enough!
That's enough.
That's exactly the kind of thing I don't want to hear.
That's exactly the point.
That's exactly what I hoped.
That's exactly what I intend to do.
That's exactly what I needed.
That's exactly what I want you to do.
That's exactly what I would do if I were your age.
That's exactly what it does.
That's exactly what the creatures are extracting.
That's exactly what they were trying to do.
That's exactly why this fascinates me, Data.
That's excellent, Number One.
That's fine with me.
That's for sure.
That's for the Captain to explain, sir.
That's from an obscure language called French.
That's fun.
That's funny, I thought most doctors were people.
That's going to take several hours to set up and to process.
That's going to take us through the centre of an asteroid belt.
That's good advice, Commander.
That's good, Commander, that's very good.
That's got to be worth a couple of pages in somebody's book.
That's gratitude for you.
That's great, Data.
That's great, Ensign.
That's hard to accept.
That's hard to picture.
That's hardly a capital offence.
That's him.
That's his job.
That's history fulfilling itself.
That's hopeful.
That's how I did it.
That's how I ended my career.
That's how I feel.
That's how I intend to operate here.
That's how I see it.
That's how it felt.
That's how it seemed to all of us.
That's how it starts.
That's how she's communicating with me.
That's how the virus travels.
That's how they're controlling him?
That's how you communicate, isn't it?
That's how you rationalise these attacks?
That's how you see it.
That's how you were able to kill Narik and Vekor.
That's impossible to tell, Captain.
That's impossible, Captain Picard.
That's impossible, even for you.
That's in the stars.
That's it!
That's it, Commander, everything checks out.
That's it, everyone.
That's it, exactly.
That's it, sir.
That's it.
That's jake with me.
That's just 'cos Commander Riker says I do.
That's just how it was when it started on the Vico.
That's just it.
That's just not an option.
That's just postponing the inevitable.
That's just so much nonsense.
That's just the last step.
That's just what I need.
That's just what I thought.
That's just what my parents call it.
That's kind of something they have to figure out for themselves.
That's less than a day from here at maximum warp.
That's like me telling you not to use your tricorder.
That's me, Captain.
That's more important than you, and it's more important than me.
That's more power than our entire ship can generate.
That's more than we know.
That's most gracious of you.
That's much too massive for our tractor beam.
That's my daddy.
That's my guess.
That's my hope.
That's my husband.
That's my job, young man.
That's my new word for the day.
That's my only answer.
That's my point.
That's my son's name.
That's my specialty.
That's my theory.
That's nearly as large as the Earth's orbit around the sun.
That's nice of you to say.
That's nice to know.
That's nice, I like that.
That's nice, but I'm in the mood for someplace a little more unusual.
That's nice.
That's no concern, Number One.
That's no ghost attacking the Enterprise.
That's normal procedure when entering into a suspicious situation.
That's normal procedure.
That's not Data.
That's not a fair question.
That's not a good sign.
That's not a replicator energy pattern.
That's not a yes or no question.
That's not all I want, Deanna.
That's not an answer.
That's not an explanation.
That's not an order.
That's not enough time to explore a region that size.
That's not for me.
That's not funny.
That's not going to be easy without the main computer.
That's not good enough!
That's not how I intend to die.
That's not how you felt before.
That's not it, Guinan.
That's not like you.
That's not much of a greeting.
That's not much to go on.
That's not our problem.
That's not part of the plan.
That's not quite what I meant.
That's not right.
That's not satisfactory.
That's not so bad.
That's not so.
That's not supposed to happen.
That's not surprising.
That's not the Captain I know.
That's not the one I signed up for.
That's not the right dialogue.
That's not the way I feel.
That's not the way it worked out.
That's not tritanium anymore.
That's not true!
That's not unusual.
That's not very fair, is it.
That's not very likely, sir.
That's not very telepathic of you.
That's not what I asked.
That's not what I see when I look in my wife's eyes.
That's not what I was going to say.
That's not what I'm saying.
That's not what I'm talking about.
That's not what happened.
That's not what she meant, Data, but you're right.
That's not what you said.
That's not what you're really thinking, Jean-Luc.
That's not where we came from.
That's not why you're here.
That's older than the comet itself.
That's one hell of a thunderstorm.
That's one option.
That's one reason I ran away.
That's one reason we tend to suspect sabotage.
That's one word for it.
That's only four.
That's our first stop.
That's outstanding.
That's over two sectors away.
That's part of life in Starfleet, Wesley.
That's part of the cook's duty.
That's part of the reason why they're looking for me.
That's perfectly understandable.
That's point three-hundred milliseconds.
That's pretty isolated.
That's pretty selfish of you.
That's pretty weak stuff.
That's probably a good idea.
That's probably what caused the plasma discharge that killed him.
That's probably what they think about us.
That's probably what they were trying to do in cargo bay four.
That's probably why we get along so well.
That's protocol.
That's putting it mildly.
That's quite a big jump.
That's quite a challenge.
That's quite a directive.
That's quite formal.
That's quite remarkable.
That's quite right.
That's quite valuable.
That's real!
That's really strange.
That's reason enough to hide.
That's reassuring.
That's ridiculous!
That's right along the Cardassian border.
That's right, Lal.
That's right, Wesley.
That's right, and any more you got too.
That's right, and we decided on Hiro.
That's right, and you will again.
That's right, now come on.
That's right, sir.
That's right, there is.
That's right, you should.
That's seven.
That's shocking.
That's silly, Geordi.
That's so.
That's some kind of probe.
That's something you say to old ladies.
That's sound advice at any time, Captain.
That's such a tragedy.
That's such an inappropriate description.
That's sufficient to get to the Bridge.
That's suicide, Data.
That's taking a risk.
That's tennis elbow, all right.
That's terrible.
That's terrific.
That's terrifying thought, isn't it?
That's thanks enough for me.
That's the Brittain, all right.
That's the Data that I remember.
That's the Justman, the shuttle Reyga modified.
That's the area of the cerebral cortex that involves memory function.
That's the assumption.
That's the bad guy.
That's the beauty of it.
That's the bed where the man died last night.
That's the big chair.
That's the booby trap.
That's the charming thing about them, isn't it?
That's the custom here, running.
That's the dictionary meaning.
That's the direction of the Enterprise.
That's the door to the cargo bay.
That's the exact number there should be.
That's the file.
That's the first bad play I've seen you make.
That's the last communication.
That's the last place on the ship that'll be swept by the baryon field.
That's the last thing I expected.
That's the last thing I would do.
That's the last thing we need to do to him right now.
That's the launch sequence?
That's the myth.
That's the name.
That's the official record.
That's the one.
That's the only chance we have of finding Worf.
That's the only medical condition that would produce that pattern.
That's the only possibility.
That's the only reason she stays with you.
That's the other mystery.
That's the pleasure centre of the brain.
That's the power grid warning.
That's the problem with believing in a supernatural being.
That's the question.
That's the reason he's here and not in the brig.
That's the rite of death, isn't it?
That's the same Ferengi vessel that entered the Corridor a week ago.
That's the ship we were supposed to meet.
That's the short definition of Captain.
That's the thing.
That's the third time this week.
That's the third time you've asked me.
That's the ticket.
That's the trouble with being such a well-known liar.
That's the very reason why I'm with you tonight.
That's the visiting dignitary talk.
That's the way I see it.
That's the woman I saw.
That's the wonderful thing about crayons.
That's the year they were married.
That's their weakness, a lack of memory.
That's to be expected.
That's to you, Ambassador.
That's too long.
That's too low, Data.
That's toward Engineering.
That's true, I'm afraid.
That's true, and he will stand for his crimes.
That's true, but I'm sure it's the last real problem.
That's true, but there is something curious.
That's true, but you are unique.
That's true, for now.
That's twenty five decks up from here.
That's twenty three parsecs beyond our furthest manned explorations.
That's typical of theta-band emissions.
That's typical.
That's understandable, considering what's happened.
That's understandable.
That's verra kind of you, lass, but I'll ne'er set foot in that house again.
That's very distant.
That's very good timing, don't you think?
That's very good.
That's very hard to accomplish.
That's very helpful.
That's very important.
That's very impressive.
That's very kind of you, but we're not going.
That's very kind, Ambassador.
That's very kind, but I'm sure we can handle it.
That's very kind.
That's very responsible of you.
That's very sweet, Data.
That's very sweet, dear, but I really wasn't in any trouble.
That's very unfortunate.
That's very unusual.
That's very, very commendable.
That's welcome news.
That's well within specifications.
That's what I always called my first officer.
That's what I call them.
That's what I called it.
That's what I care about.
That's what I did.
That's what I do!
That's what I don't understand.
That's what I felt.
That's what I have to find out.
That's what I thought you said.
That's what I told him.
That's what I want to hear.
That's what I want you to communicate to them.
That's what I want, Riker!
That's what I wanted to hear.
That's what I was taught.
That's what I was told.
That's what I'm here to find out.
That's what I'm hoping you're going to find out.
That's what I'm hoping.
That's what I'm trying to find out.
That's what I'm worried about.
That's what I've been doing.
That's what Wes said.
That's what Wesley calls him.
That's what caused the contractions during the autopsy.
That's what deactivated the Warbird's engine core.
That's what destroyed the ship.
That's what everybody thinks about the enemy.
That's what happened to us.
That's what he's done.
That's what he, that's what the other Picard must have thought.
That's what helps us to define our place in the universe.
That's what it is.
That's what it says on my door.
That's what it's all about.
That's what made me happy.
That's what relieved of duty means.
That's what the Spanish said.
That's what the reports said about Mendez and Hickman before they disappeared.
That's what the ship was looking for.
That's what the voice said in my dream.
That's what their weapons look like, sir.
That's what they all said.
That's what they did to me.
That's what they kept saying.
That's what they said, but I can't stop thinking about it.
That's what they wanted.
That's what they were designed for.
That's what they've been telling me over and over.
That's what this is about, isn't it?
That's what this is all about.
That's what this is really about, isn't it?
That's what this launching is.
That's what this was all about, wasn't it?
That's what triggered my hallucination.
That's what we call him.
That's what we created them for.
That's what we have to find out.
That's what we wanted.
That's what we were thinking.
That's what you said the last time.
That's what you want, isn't it?
That's what your people said a few years ago about humans.
That's what your son is.
That's what's wrong with designers.
That's when I started losing everybody.
That's when I'll be heading back.
That's when he began talking about the need for us to make sacrifices.
That's when it started.
That's when it would break the light barrier?
That's when the Crystalline Entity attacked.
That's when the winners are willing to take the big risks.
That's when you found it.
That's where Data tried to move the ship.
That's where I should be.
That's where I'll be.
That's where I'll start.
That's where John Doe came from.
That's where everybody came in.
That's where everything begins.
That's where it will be.
That's where the excitement is.
That's where the holodeck comes in.
That's where the rebels must be hiding.
That's where they stood.
That's where they're going through.
That's where we should go.
That's where we went to after we left the outpost.
That's where we're going to live now.
That's where we're going.
That's where you'll find the Uthat.
That's why I became such a threat.
That's why I came to your quarters.
That's why I compared their brain scans.
That's why I gave you a greater challenge.
That's why I left.
That's why I never won.
That's why I put in for this assignment, sir.
That's why I started to walk faster.
That's why I wanted to talk to you.
That's why I went to the Altine Conference.
That's why I'm DaiMon of this ship.
That's why I'm requesting this transfer.
That's why I've allowed us to stay here longer and keep looking.
That's why I've got to do this.
That's why I've got to keep them talking.
That's why I've invited you all here.
That's why each pad has four redundant scanners.
That's why he demanded you when he knew that you were still alive.
That's why he left the chore to me.
That's why he's bringing the storms.
That's why it gets larger in the past.
That's why it was destroyed.
That's why it was dismantled.
That's why it's getting larger in the past.
That's why it's here.
That's why it's so difficult to leave.
That's why metagenics and other biological weapons were outlawed years ago.
That's why the Enterprise has been sent back to Earth.
That's why the transporter's biofilters weren't able to extract it.
That's why the women in your family have always kept the candle lit.
That's why they're asking for you.
That's why we all have so many different urges at different times.
That's why we came here, because only Solok could help us.
That's why we cannot see it, and our sensors cannot read it.
That's why we had to send down the shuttle.
That's why we must leave.
That's why we're going to separate.
That's why we're out here.
That's why we've been brought here.
That's why you didn't want me on the Enterprise seven years ago.
That's why you got this assignment.
That's why you left Earth.
That's why you lost the match.
That's why you wanted to know what species we are.
That's why you're still here.
That's with an e.
That's wonderful, Deanna.
That's wonderful.
That's your heart rate, your blood pressure all your vital signs.
That's your job, Commander La Forge.
That's your real fear.
That's your response?
That's your wretched technology again.
That's, that's not what I meant.
That, I keep under tight control.
That, according to all reports, is Riva.
The	 game is over.
The AH is inoperative.
The Academy has one of the best reconstructive analysis labs in Starfleet.
The Academy must make you wait, that's true.
The Academy, there's someone, someone who meant a great deal to me.
The Acamarians.
The Administrator's already arrived.
The Admiral and I were worried about you.
The Admiral is correct, Number One.
The Admiral knew that was hopeless.
The Admiral lost both her sons.
The Admiral was very pleased when you chose that name.
The Admiral wishes to speak to you.
The Admiral?
The Alba Ra, a contemporary Talarian musical form.
The Aldeans are anxious to discuss compensation.
The Aldeans are suffering from a form of radiation poisoning.
The Alliance controls the other side.
The Alliance is holding your men hostage, Commander Riker, not us.
The Alliance just discovered a large cache of weapons.
The Alliance will fall.
The Alliance?
The Alpha Omicron system is yet to be charted.
The Alphan representative has agreed, however reluctantly.
The Altairian conference.
The Ambassador is sceptical, but he cares a great deal about reunification.
The Ambassador's dead.
The Ambassador's very busy.
The Ancient West.
The Angosian doctors did this to me.
The Antedeans are coming around.
The Antedeans are now in Sickbay.
The Arabs believed that Allah gathered the south wind and made the horse.
The Arbiter confirms that you have completed the Rite of Succession.
The Arbiter has ruled.
The Arbiter will consider his validity.
The Arboretum.
The Arcos crewmen may require immediate medical assistance.
The Ares.
The Argaya system's close to the Cardassian border.
The Array appears to be functioning normally, sir.
The Artemis.
The Atrean government has requested assistance in averting a natural disaster.
The Bajoran Death Chant is over two hours long.
The Bajoran custom has the family name first, the individual's second.
The Bajoran ship has been destroyed.
The Bajoran ship is disengaging, sir.
The Bajoran terrorists.
The Bajoran vessel is moving up from the surface, Captain.
The Bajorans again.
The Bajorans did not attack Solarion Four.
The Barzan has been a society dependent on others for generations.
The Barzan probe had no way to recognise this.
The Battle of HarOS, right?
The Battle of HarOS?
The Battle of Maxia, sir.
The Battle of Maxia.
The Benzite who constructed the Mordock Strategy?
The Betazoid brain has a remarkable ability to heal itself.
The Betazoid use of the chime, for instance.
The Black Cluster is within visual range, Captain.
The Bolians are maintaining an uneasy truce with the Moropa, are they not?
The Bonding.
The Boraalans don't have anything close to that level of technology.
The Boraalans were transported while they were sleeping.
The Borg are extremely computer dependent.
The Borg are so interconnected it would act like a virus.
The Borg are still gaining.
The Borg aspire to the perfection my Brother and I represent.
The Borg assimilate civilisations, not individuals.
The Borg could have downloaded the codes from Data's positronic net.
The Borg could have stopped him.
The Borg don't ingest food.
The Borg has regained consciousness, sir.
The Borg have been busy.
The Borg have broken through the Mars defence perimeter.
The Borg have dropped out of warp, sir.
The Borg have established several transwarp conduits through subspace.
The Borg have neither honour nor courage.
The Borg have ways of screening out programme anomalies.
The Borg is the ultimate user.
The Borg might be trying to terminate their link with him.
The Borg seem to be using their combined power to repair the ship.
The Borg ship has been destroyed, sir.
The Borg ship has broken off pursuit.
The Borg ship has resumed its course toward Earth.
The Borg ship is continuing scans, attempting to locate us.
The Borg ship is disengaging.
The Borg ship is dropping out of warp.
The Borg ship is firing.
The Borg ship is on the planet's far side, and is moving to intercept.
The Borg ship is powering up its weapons array.
The Borg ship is re-establishing its tractor beam.
The Borg ship is undamaged.
The Borg ship was not damaged.
The Borg ship will enter orbit in one hour.
The Borg tractor beam has moved toward the antimatter spread.
The Borg usually collect their dead.
The Borg will be in weapons range in thirty two seconds.
The Borg will die if they're removed permanently.
The Borg's beam breaks contact.
The Bortas has lost her port shields, sir.
The Bortas has put out a general distress call.
The Bortas is standing by, Captain.
The Braslota System.
The Brechtian Cluster and the Argos system.
The Brechtian Cluster has two inhabited planets.
The Breen have outposts in this sector.
The Breen, the Ferengi, the
The Brekkians claim it belongs to them.
The Brekkians don't need it.
The Brekkians show no sign of infection.
The Bridge will be fine, since I've called the entire staff.
The Bridge.
The Bringloidi can help you.
The British-
The Brittain, Doctor.
The Bynars always work in pairs.
The Bynars seem perfect for this.
The Cairn couldn't read your thoughts even if they wanted to.
The Calamarain are not very hospitable creatures.
The Capital City is neutral ground and Larg's men are all around us.
The Captain and Commander Riker must be in trouble, or they'd be here.
The Captain and Doctor Crusher can't be far away.
The Captain and I often share morning tea together.
The Captain and many of the crew are not yet convinced he is truly human.
The Captain approves.
The Captain asked Doctor Crusher to make it look like Joret had mistreated me.
The Captain did not anticipate the Enterprise would come under attack.
The Captain does seem detached from his emotions.
The Captain had asked the question.
The Captain has given unusual orders before.
The Captain has to recite the entire greeting without making any mistakes.
The Captain is a very private man.
The Captain is dead.
The Captain is fine, thank you.
The Captain is going to take you to Ramatis.
The Captain is not on the ship.
The Captain is under attack.
The Captain is usually the last to leave.
The Captain is waiting for you inside.
The Captain is waiting for you.
The Captain is well aware of the gravity of the situation, Commander.
The Captain might try to get in the same way if he's in trouble.
The Captain needs our help.
The Captain of the Lalo described it a hiccup.
The Captain of the Starship Ares is retiring.
The Captain saw fit to release me from my duties.
The Captain says Shelby reminds him of the way I used to be.
The Captain touring the ship before a battle.
The Captain wanted to try a cold start of the warp engines.
The Captain wants those two taken into custody.
The Captain wants you back on the Bridge.
The Captain will do everything in his power to stop you.
The Captain will do the ceremony and Mister Homn will be my best man.
The Captain would be ill advised to rely upon my judgement.
The Captain would have done it for me.
The Captain would not do that.
The Captain would not.
The Captain!
The Captain's communicator.
The Captain's hurt.
The Captain's log, perhaps?
The Captain's log?
The Captain's not here?
The Captain's orders were to get the Enterprise back to Federation space.
The Captain's right.
The Captain's shuttle is approaching the main Shuttlebay, sir.
The Captain's team.
The Captain's vital signs are stable.
The Cardassian ship is powering its weapons and it's transporters.
The Cardassian ship is standing down, sir.
The Cardassian ships are changing course, sir.
The Cardassian vessel will not be boarded.
The Cardassian vessels have set a course for Rahm Izad.
The Cardassian's shields are down to thirty percent.
The Cardassians always seem to find a way around problems like that.
The Cardassians are arming again.
The Cardassians are moving toward the Bajoran vessel, Captain.
The Cardassians are within visual range.
The Cardassians can't find them, but maybe the Federation can.
The Cardassians have destroyed the Bajoran ship, Admiral.
The Cardassians have no honour.
The Cardassians live to make war.
The Cardassians?
The Central Command is directly ahead.
The Chalnoth have no use for laws or governments!
The Chief Engineer should be making these modifications.
The Chief was just summoned to the Bridge.
The Chief, Data, Lieutenant Costa, that's about it.
The Children of Tama.
The Chrysalians hereby add the Caldonian trillium 323 to its bid, Premier.
The Coalition and the Alliance are all that's left?
The Coalition's been all I've had for fifteen years.
The Coalition, our cadre, runs this side of the city.
The Commander will be calling for you at any moment.
The Commander's flush is still working.
The Commander's nervous system has been invaded by an unknown microorganism.
The Conductor accidently derailed the train.
The Constitution class Enterprise, Captain James T. Kirk commanding.
The Continuum didn't think you had it in you, Jean-Luc, but I knew you did.
The Continuum has a vested interest in this young woman.
The Corvallen freighter has been completely destroyed, Commander.
The Corvallens are mercenaries.
The Council appreciates your report, Captain.
The Council has sent me here to examine that evidence.
The Council knew?
The Council must have a leader now!
The Council should be more interested in Federation interference.
The Counsellor was unsuccessful.
The Court will hear the provision.
The Crazy Horse will be carrying someone from Starfleet Intelligence.
The Crystalline Entity is moving away, sir.
The Crystalline Entity paid us a visit.
The Curtis Creek programme?
The Custodian indicated that you would be the leader.
The Custodian is not a person.
The Custodian?
The Cytherians are exploring the galaxy just as we are.
The Cytherians have reintegrated me, sir.
The DNA around the microcircuit fibre implants is returning to normal.
The DNA in his optic nerves is regenerating.
The DNA is becoming mobile.
The Dancing Doctor?
The Data I know would never have agreed to be a willing party to Lore's plan.
The Decius reports the Ambassador is waiting to transport.
The Dessican authorities have jurisdiction in this case, Commander.
The Devoras is dropping out of warp, sir.
The Devron System is inside the Neutral Zone, sir.
The Doctor got in the way.
The Doctor has something very important to tell you, Captain.
The Doctor is in Ten forward.
The Doctor said she was getting bored.
The Doctor says, then don't raise your arm like that.
The Doctor was right.
The Doctor will soon be joining us.
The Doctor's incubation experiment, Worf's wrist, Troi's hallucinations.
The Doctor's never used our transporter.
The Drake reported arriving at Minos and then wasn't heard from again.
The Drake?
The Dream of the Fire, by K'Ratak.
The Drumhead Captain's Log, Stardate 44769.2.
The Duras are nearing defeat.
The Duras family are preparing to move against Gowron.
The Duras family controls most of the fleet.
The Duras family is gathering a large force near Beta Thoridar.
The Duras family will one day rule the Empire!
The Duras sisters, Lursa and B'Etor?
The Duras sisters.
The EM interference is limiting the tricorder range.
The EM pattern is back down.
The Edo want to execute my son.
The Egg that Stubbs laid.
The Elected One will see you now.
The Empire is forever.
The Empire will not be destroyed for one family's honour.
The Endeavour has cleared the dock, Captain.
The Engineering qualification's one of the toughest parts of the test.
The Engineering sections encompass twelve decks of the secondary hull.
The Engineering status reports were all normal.
The Enterprise also took off in a new direction.
The Enterprise appears to be adrift.
The Enterprise arriving, but without the saucer section, sir.
The Enterprise can't afford to lose you, sir.
The Enterprise could have been captured by the Romulans!
The Enterprise did conduct an extensive scan of this vessel.
The Enterprise had been probed.
The Enterprise has been badly damaged but they still have superior firepower.
The Enterprise has been diverted to the Ramatis star system.
The Enterprise has been ordered to Starbase 74, in orbit around Tarsas Three.
The Enterprise has been recalled to sector zero zero one on a priority mission.
The Enterprise has been secured.
The Enterprise has changed course and is following us.
The Enterprise has changed hailing messages.
The Enterprise has demonstrated that they can track us.
The Enterprise has moved to a parallel course with the core fragment.
The Enterprise has no reason to do that, especially with me on board.
The Enterprise has now been adrift for a total of ten days.
The Enterprise has raised its shields.
The Enterprise has reached Galorndon Core, near the border of the Neutral Zone.
The Enterprise has science officers, medical specialists, engineers.
The Enterprise has slowed to impulse speed and is making an intensive sweep.
The Enterprise ion trail leads right to this point.
The Enterprise is a Galaxy-class starship.
The Enterprise is a fortress.
The Enterprise is a starship, capable of travelling through space.
The Enterprise is at impulse speed.
The Enterprise is back under our control.
The Enterprise is being evacuated.
The Enterprise is burning in space.
The Enterprise is certain to find me.
The Enterprise is closing in on your position.
The Enterprise is drawing their fire.
The Enterprise is going to try to intercept the Sheliak colony ship.
The Enterprise is in orbit.
The Enterprise is nearby.
The Enterprise is not a ship of war.
The Enterprise is not a threat to you.
The Enterprise is not responding to our hails.
The Enterprise is on an intercept course with us.
The Enterprise is on course for a rendezvous with the Cardassian ship Reklar.
The Enterprise is only aware of the one we stole from Qualor Two.
The Enterprise is preparing detailed exospheric charts of the Hayashi system.
The Enterprise is quite a ship.
The Enterprise is ready, Doctor.
The Enterprise is scheduled to leave the Tyran system tomorrow.
The Enterprise is supposed to meet them there in eight hours.
The Enterprise is too large to safely navigate through it.
The Enterprise is trying to repair it.
The Enterprise is very important to us.
The Enterprise is your ship now.
The Enterprise is yours.
The Enterprise isn't something that I can leave and then come back to.
The Enterprise itself would echo the cosmic string.
The Enterprise just jumped through a wormhole.
The Enterprise just left you here?
The Enterprise magnetic field is regenerating.
The Enterprise may simply be engaged in search operations.
The Enterprise remains concealed in the dust cloud.
The Enterprise shields have a weak point.
The Enterprise wants to know the reason we've stopped.
The Enterprise was not damaged.
The Enterprise went through a wormhole, Doctor.
The Enterprise will be dangerously close to the atmosphere.
The Enterprise will be leaving this sector immediately.
The Enterprise will continue to benefit from your talents for another year.
The Enterprise will continue with Riker as Captain.
The Enterprise will hold its position, Mister Worf.
The Enterprise will monitor and adjust the frequency of the resonators.
The Enterprise will monitor the CO2 concentrations at six different altitudes.
The Enterprise will not fire first.
The Enterprise will remain in orbit and continue to monitor your progress.
The Enterprise will stay at full alert until the crisis is over.
The Enterprise'll be back tomorrow.
The Enterprise'll be there, sir.
The Enterprise-C would be outmanned and outgunned.
The Epsilon Mynos system, sir.
The Essex signal was never clearly located, sir.
The Essex was caught in an electromagnetic storm just as your shuttle was.
The European Hegemony?
The Federation Council has convened in emergency session.
The Federation Starship Enterprise.
The Federation Starships Concord and Bozeman are holding position on our side.
The Federation and the Klingon Empire were enemies for many years.
The Federation could wind up buying a proverbial lemon.
The Federation credo, exploitation.
The Federation determines if that's so.
The Federation fleet has left Starbase two thirty four.
The Federation has come in search of its spies.
The Federation has dozens of settlements in that sector.
The Federation has had several dealings with him.
The Federation has lost more than half of Starfleet to the Klingons.
The Federation has neglected to visit to your planet for far too long.
The Federation is currently in a state of war.
The Federation is not in the business of supplying arms to rebels.
The Federation is setting up a weather control matrix on Hekaras Two.
The Federation might view them differently if they knew what they were.
The Federation places the highest priority on this mission and its goal.
The Federation representative from Peliar Zel has come on board.
The Federation thinks it can do anything it wants to.
The Federation wants to negotiate her release.
The Federation will be responsible for the resulting deaths.
The Federation will blockade the planet.
The Federation will not permit that.
The Federation will not start a war.
The Federation will offer as little or as much help as you dictate.
The Federation will quickly tire of our little war.
The Federation will welcome that day.
The Federation wishes to avoid war at all cost.
The Federation won't be able to stay out of it for long.
The Federation's finest specialist in communication with unknown life forms.
The Federation's gone, the Borg is everywhere!
The Federation's sharing all our data with warp-capable species.
The Federation's top negotiator taken out by a mysterious ailment.
The Ferengi Alliance has quickly disavowed any knowledge of these renegades.
The Ferengi Government is debating an amendment to the Rules of Acquisition.
The Ferengi are not uncivilised, human!
The Ferengi called for surrender.
The Ferengi can't do that.
The Ferengi complained bitterly, but one final roar from Portal convinced them.
The Ferengi have been dispatched via shuttle to Starbase one one seven.
The Ferengi have broken off their attack.
The Ferengi made Daddy turn off the main computer.
The Ferengi offer was never seriously considered.
The Ferengi pod is moving into position.
The Ferengi report their containment field is collapsing.
The Ferengi ship is almost as fast as the Enterprise.
The Ferengi ship that attacked me.
The Ferengi wish to capture the Hathaway believing it to be of value.
The Ferengis view it as a sign of sexual prowess.
The First Officer had a mild case of Thelusian flu.
The Fleming is near its previous coordinates.
The Fleming's last contact with Starfleet was four days ago.
The Followers of Kahless await his return there.
The Gatherers are elusive.
The Gemarians and the Dachlyds are both incredibly stubborn people.
The Gettysburg.
The Gorkon will be my flagship.
The Governor and the two representatives have returned.
The Grissom is near the Sigma Erani system.
The Habak is holy to us.
The Hathaway is expendable.
The Hathaway will not survive.
The Hera is missing, that's all.
The Hera is missing.
The Hera is reason enough.
The Hera passed near this planet just ten days ago.
The High Council would seem to agree.
The High Council's made its wishes clear.
The Horatio.
The Horga'hn is for a friend.
The Horga'hn is the Risian symbol of sexuality.
The Host Doctor Beverly Crusher, personal log, stardate 44821.3.
The Iadara Colony and the Utopia Planitia Shipyards.
The Iceman wins again.
The Iceman's finally melting.
The Iconian programme is attempting to rewrite my software.
The Iconian programme is so sophisticated I may never understand it.
The Intelligence Academy or the Imperial War College?
The Intelligence Officer in charge of that mission was executed.
The Italians green, white and red.
The J'naii.
The Janaran Falls on Betazed.
The Janaran falls.
The Jarada demand a precise greeting, in this case from Captain Picard.
The Jarada will expect the Captain's greeting.
The Jarada.
The Jaradan are strategically important to the Federation.
The Jaradan rendezvous still is eleven hours away.
The Jean-Luc I know?
The Jewel of Thesia has been taken into custody by its rightful heir.
The Jovis has a maximum speed of warp three.
The Juarez child?
The Kaleb sector?
The Kes will be denied membership.
The Khitomer commander noted in his log that Mogh had been acting suspiciously.
The Klingon Age of Ascension.
The Klingon Empire is at a critical juncture.
The Klingon Empire will never yield.
The Klingon Empire will not stand for these kinds of lies.
The Klingon High Council has judged our father a traitor to the Empire.
The Klingon civil war is, by definition, an internal matter of the Empire.
The Klingon cruiser P'rang will soon arrive and escort you home.
The Klingon culture views the hammer as a symbol of power.
The Klingon ship Qu'Vat has arrived with Governor Torak.
The Klingon ship is disengaging.
The Klingon ship is hailing us.
The Klingon ship.
The Klingon system has operated successfully for centuries.
The Klingon vessel P'rang will rendezvous with you in three days.
The Klingon vessel has recloaked, sir.
The Klingon vessel has to arrived.
The Klingon vessel is within range, sir.
The Klingon who kills without showing his face has no honour.
The Klingon!
The Klingon's condition is worsening.
The Klingon's right.
The Klingons are sending warships.
The Klingons are very thorough.
The Klingons call me Fek'lhr.
The Klingons have been allowing Federation medical ships to cross the border.
The Klingons have closed their borders to all Federation starships.
The Klingons managed to destroyed half my squadron before we even opened fire.
The Klingons refer to it as the brak'lul.
The Klingons regard honour above all else.
The Klingons will observe these restrictions, but the Romulans will not.
The Kolvoord manoeuvre, the cover up, everything.
The Ktarians commend your efforts, Picard.
The Kurlan civilisation died out thousands of years ago.
The Lalo reported contact with an alien vessel described as cube shaped.
The Lantree computer reports access codes received and accepted, sir.
The Lantree goes Bang.
The Lantree is responding, sir.
The Lantree was not the source of the disease, but it was the trigger.
The Lantree's First Officer carried the antibody onto his ship.
The Lantree.
The Laughing Vulcan and His Dog?
The Legarans are very sensitive in matters of protocol.
The Legarans trust only me.
The Lenarians attacked us outside of the conference room.
The London buildings, the streets, the people, all gone including Moriarty.
The Lorenze cluster, and there Arneb and there Epsilon Indi.
The Loud as a Whisper assassin gets killed.
The Lysian Alliance.
The Lysians have stopped transmitting, Captain.
The MS One colony is under attack.
The Maquis are breaking formation.
The Maquis didn't go for the bait.
The Maquis ships are regrouping, sir.
The Maquis.
The Marla Aster I knew and honoured is not in this room.
The Mayor wants to give you a parade.
The McAllister C Five nebula's just across the border.
The Mek'ba is not complete.
The Melbourne.
The Menthars hide them in floating debris.
The Mikulaks might still be using it.
The Mind's Eye Personal log, Chief Engineer Geordi La Forge, stardate 44885.5.
The Mintakans trust her judgment.
The Mordock?
The Narendra Three outpost was destroyed.
The Nausicaan didn't take kindly to losing.
The Nausicaan is cheating.
The Nequencia and the Carraya systems.
The Neutral Zone First officer's log, stardate 41986.0.
The Neutral Zone is extremely volatile.
The Next Generation
The Next Generation.
The Norpin Colony is for old men to retire.
The ODN bypass to the Bridge has been blocked.
The ODN junction is right down here.
The Observation Lounge has turned into a swamp.
The Observation Lounge is appropriate.
The One who will destroy you.
The Opraline system.
The Ornarans provide us everything we need in exchange for this.
The Ornarans show all the symptoms of a disease but I can't find a cause.
The Overseer has come.
The Pagh is either cloaked or destroyed, sir.
The Pakled ship has a shield up, sir.
The Pakleds did hear our little fiction about Geordi's weapons knowledge.
The Pakleds seem pretty sincere.
The Parrot's Claw.
The Pasteur's core is going to breach.
The Paxans can manipulate energy structures on many levels.
The Paxans then take the ship out of their territory.
The Paxans.
The Pegasus is still out there, Will.
The Pegasus was a prototype.
The Phoenix and the Enterprise will return to Federation space together.
The Phoenix has powered up both phasers and photon torpedoes.
The Phoenix has taken a direct hit.
The Phoenix is beginning evasive manoeuvres.
The Phoenix is firing photon torpedoes.
The Phoenix is using a high energy sensor system.
The Phoenix still does not respond, sir.
The Phoenix will not have a chance.
The Picard Manoeuvre.
The Picard family, voices raised in song.
The Picard has many servants.
The Picard is angry with us.
The Picard will be pleased.
The Picard.
The Potemkin.
The Prime Directive doesn't apply.
The Prime Directive forbids us to interfere with the social order of any planet.
The Prime Directive is not a matter of degrees.
The Prime Directive never intended that.
The Prime Directive was designed to ensure non-interference.
The Prime Minister insisted and we have no right to refuse.
The Proconsul has agreed to meet with you.
The Proconsul says that he is prepared to endorse peace talks.
The Professor is scheduled to meet a Vulcan transport the day after tomorrow.
The Progenitors.
The Prytt have consistently refused all outside contact.
The Q Continuum.
The Q became interested in you.
The Q entity, sir.
The Q has muddled your mind.
The Q'Maire is requesting communication on a secure channel, Commander.
The Qu'Vat has arrived with Commander Morag.
The Quartermaster of the supply yard, with information you need.
The Queen's temple.
The Rahm Izad system.
The Rekags won't go into Seronian territory for talks.
The Resolution is a celebration of life.
The Resolution, it's called.
The Romulan Ambassador is ready to transport over from the Decius.
The Romulan Commander Tokath thought he was being kind.
The Romulan Information net employs a progressive encryption lock.
The Romulan Senator?
The Romulan conquest of Vulcan.
The Romulan convoy is late.
The Romulan craft is a total loss.
The Romulan force is retreating toward the Neutral Zone.
The Romulan guards have a detection perimeter.
The Romulan has died.
The Romulan has passed us.
The Romulan ship is routing power to its forward disruptor array.
The Romulan ship is set to auto-destruct and they can't deactivate it.
The Romulan ship will reach us within the hour.
The Romulan ship, another deck of the Enterprise.
The Romulan warship is still searching grid two seven zero.
The Romulans are hailing us.
The Romulans are initiating a tachyon scan of the asteroid.
The Romulans are very moral, Captain.
The Romulans are your problem, Lieutenant.
The Romulans attacked the Khitomer outpost.
The Romulans claim all that is in their field of vision.
The Romulans could follow their own ship to easily.
The Romulans could have a cloaked base on the surface.
The Romulans could use this technology as a weapon.
The Romulans could've decloaked before the Enterprise had a chance to respond.
The Romulans forgot all about this storeroom when they rebuilt their tunnels.
The Romulans have destroyed the entrance to the chasm with their disruptors.
The Romulans have no interest in Kriosian independence.
The Romulans have released a high energy burst.
The Romulans know that as well as we do.
The Romulans lowered the outpost shields themselves.
The Romulans must be hiding it in a sensor return signal.
The Romulans took out our shields.
The Romulans use an artificial quantum singularity as their power source.
The Romulans were attacking it.
The Romulans were impressed, to say the least.
The Romulans will get a good fight.
The Romulans will sometimes make suicide attacks, but only as a last resort.
The Romulans will try to run the blockade, and we'll be ready for them.
The Romulans would be no match for your weaponry.
The Romulans, the Klingons.
The Romulans?
The Royale's exits are clearly marked.
The Sacred Chalice of Rixx is an old clay pot with mold growing inside it.
The Sarthongians are merciless to trespassers.
The Satarrans' weapons technology is no more advanced than the Lysians'.
The Schizoid Man Medical log, Stardate 42437.5.
The Senate has adjourned.
The Senior Design Engineer of the Theoretical Propulsion Group.
The Sheliak are a non-humanoid, intelligent life form, classification R3.
The Sheliak consider humans a lower life form.
The Sheliak haven't broken a century of silence to send us after phantoms.
The Sheliak may interpret that as a hostile act.
The Sheliak won't bargain.
The Sheliak, for example.
The Sheriff's going to pay.
The Six Oh Seven does it all.
The Six Oh Seven represents the state of the art in dynamic, adaptive design.
The Solari need you.
The Sonchi ceremony will take place in one hour aboard K'mpec's ship.
The Sovereign treats me well.
The Spanish word for butterfly.
The Starship Essex vanished over two hundred years ago.
The Stone of Gol is real, but there is nothing supernatural or magical about it.
The Stone of Gol!
The T'Ong has changed course to three two mark eight one.
The T'Ong is now on a heading of four two mark one one three.
The T'Pau is missing.
The T'Pau is missing?
The T'Pau.
The T'Pau?
The T-cell became airborne and started to spread like a virus.
The T-cell stimulator will slow the rate of change, but until I find the cause.
The T-tauri system, warp two.
The T9 energy converter has been beamed aboard and secured, sir.
The Tal Shiar has obtained access codes for the sensor nets.
The Tal Shiar is deeply concerned for the safety and well-being of the military.
The Tal Shiar, on the other hand, trust no one.
The Talarians are a rigidly patriarchical society, sir.
The Talarians employ a subspace proximity detonator.
The Talarians were taking us to outpost M Zed Five.
The Tamarian and the entity are in close proximity.
The Tamarian seems to be stating the proper names of individuals and locations.
The Tamarian ship?
The Tamarian's are not.
The Tamarian's bioscan is becoming unreadable.
The Tamarian's lifesigns are fluctuating.
The Tanugans are right.
The Tarellians had reached Earth's late twentieth century level of knowledge.
The Terran system.
The Tolstoy, the Kyushu, the Melbourne.
The Topin system contains an unstable protostar.
The Tralestas were annihilated.
The Transporter Chief has no idea what the coordinates were, sir.
The Traveller moved through time using the power of his mind.
The Traveller said that my studies would begin with these people.
The Traveller used his thoughts to alter warp fields.
The Traveller's gone, sir.
The Trieste.
The Trill are a joined species.
The Tsiolkovsky has been eight months in accumulating it.
The USS Berlin has answered the distress call.
The USS Hood has dropped me off at Farpoint Station.
The USS Intrepid was the first ship on the scene, sir.
The Universal Translator is coming on line, sir.
The Uthat is here, somewhere.
The Uthat is not here.
The Uxbridges have been destroyed.
The Valtese ship has arrived.
The Varon-T disruptor is banned in the Federation.
The Vega probe found it orbiting Stromgren.
The Visor's fine.
The Vorgons are time travellers.
The Vulcan defence vessels are also responding.
The Vulcan ship will take us as far as DS Four.
The Vulcan ships have entered Federation space.
The Vulcans will learn to appreciate that quality in us.
The Wellington is the only Federation vessel in this sector.
The X-ray burst is disrupting systems, Captain.
The Yamato log should be in our computer by rendezvous, sir.
The Yamato was destroyed while they were cloaked.
The Yamato's nowhere near this quadrant.
The Yankee's right.
The Yridians are information dealers.
The Yridians had only part of the shipment in their hold.
The Zakdornian culture is replete with self-assuredness and confidence.
The Zalkonian ship has a formidable armament.
The Zalkonians are afraid of John.
The Zalkonians truly don't understand our indecision about returning John.
The Zaterl Emerald?
The Zhukov is ready for transport, sir.
The abduction I have done according to our custom, for all to see.
The ability is there inside of you.
The ability to see beyond pure logic.
The abnormal energy reading in the Captain's quarters was never explained.
The absence of her was too distracting.
The access would be available by code or password.
The accident was not Josh's fault.
The acoustic signature doesn't sound right.
The acoustics in Ten Forward are most favourable.
The act or the emotion?
The actinides in the asteroids provide positive protection against our sensors.
The action of the heart rate is good.
The activity in the isocortex is falling.
The actual damage to your vessels was negligible.
The added harmonics are blocking the tachyon field.
The addition of your crew will greatly speed up the process.
The admiral displayed a remarkable improvement out there, wouldn't you say?
The advocate is drawing conclusions.
The advocate will refrain from expressing personal affections for her opponent.
The advocate will refrain from making her opponent disappear.
The affairs of mankind.
The affected systems don't generally interact with each other.
The age-old cry of the oppressor.
The agreement isn't valid, sir.
The alien has thrown up a shield.
The alien shot Krola.
The alien who attacked me has vanished, sir.
The alien's escaping!
The aliens use triolic energy as a power source.
The aliens were some kind of mercenary group.
The aliens.
The alliance with the Federation is not based on lies, K'mpec!
The altered genes are the ones that control aging.
The alternative is Vacca Six.
The ambient light in this location accentuates its contours.
The amino acids are moving closer and closer, and closer.
The amplitude is still rising, Captain.
The analysis of the fragments is not yet complete.
The ancient Doosodarians.
The android at the bar said you could show me my old ship.
The android persona is just one step along the way.
The android, Data.
The anomaly is beginning to collapse.
The anomaly is collapsing.
The anomaly is nearly collapsed.
The anomaly is orbiting the seventh planet, sir.
The anomaly is two hundred million kilometres in diameter.
The anomaly.
The answer does lie there, doesn't it.
The answer has been here before us all along.
The answer is no.
The answer is simple.
The answer is within him.
The answer is yes.
The answer is, I will.
The answer lies in our own computer, the mind.
The answer to all of this is feeding into your medical banks right now.
The answer was no.
The answer's there, on the planet.
The answer, I believe, Doctor.
The answer, sir, is that my loyalty is to you and Starfleet.
The ante is four bits.
The antibody created an unexpected side-effect.
The antibody would adapt itself to alter the genetic code of the virus.
The antimatter containment units are starting to buckle!
The antimatter flow regulator is locked open.
The antimatter replenishment rate.
The apparent death of Walker Keel has had a powerful impact on me.
The apparent emotional dynamic does seem to support that assumption.
The arbitration will continue.
The arboreal needle snake likes to attack from above.
The archeologists have identified the markings in these caverns.
The archive hasn't stopped yet.
The archive just activated some kind of tractor beam, sir.
The are ready for transport.
The area around the duck blind exhibits Karst topography.
The area is clear, Commander.
The arm's a little sore.
The arm, in a contest with other youths.
The arrangements have already been made.
The array is currently directed away from us.
The arrival of her mother makes you shudder.
The assignment's hopeless.
The assignments should be listed in order of priority.
The asteroid field is unusually dense.
The asteroid has shattered.
The asteroid's gravity is drawing us closer.
The asteroid's internal structure is highly unstable.
The atmosphere is getting more turbulent.
The atmospheric disturbance could be jamming the signal.
The atrocities that I've seen.
The attack in which he himself was killed?
The attack on the shuttlecraft has inflamed the dispute.
The attacking force spared you for some reason.
The attempt may be futile.
The attraction that we share.
The audience has to see you.
The auxiliary tank is holding.
The away team is returning to the Enterprise, sir.
The away team requests that we scan the planet surface for traces of platinum.
The away team signal's been cut off, Captain.
The away team's ready, sir.
The away team, plus four, is on board.
The baby is emerging head first.
The baby is showing healthy respiratory movements.
The baby is you.
The baby's doing wonderfully, Troi.
The backup on the lab seal is fluctuating, sir.
The balance.
The banquet will be completely over by then.
The barber?
The barriers between quantum realties are breaking down.
The bartender is an artificial lifeform.
The baryon sweep hits this compartment in thirty minutes.
The baryon sweep uses a high-frequency plasma field.
The base appears quite sturdy.
The base is all that matters.
The basic unit is a common industrial servo mechanism.
The basis for peace must also be personal.
The battle is mine.
The bay's been completely depressurised, but it's still hanging on.
The beacon is falling astern, Captain.
The beacon is in place, Captain.
The beam appears to contain holographic imaging information.
The beam is coming from the centre of the vortex.
The beam is draining our shields.
The beam is fully restored, Doctor.
The beam is scanning the shield's perimeter.
The beam will automatically terminate once the comet's core is reached.
The beam's exhausted the supply of particles in the star.
The beard is an ancient and proud tradition.
The beast?
The beings have resumed their course into the string.
The bellboy suit.
The benefits of relations with the Legarans are incalculable.
The best kind, I'm sure.
The best magicians will never let you see what's up their sleeve, Counsellor.
The best part about being assigned to Betazed.
The best piece of engineering we'll ever need.
The best poker face I've ever seen.
The best way out is through.
The best way to remember her would be to excel in your new position.
The best we can do is to increase sensor efficiency.
The bet is fifty.
The bet is ten!
The bet is ten.
The bets will indicate of the relative strength of each hand.
The bifocal vision aid is typical of the era.
The big boys are sitting on your hull just waiting for me to say the word.
The big guy who never smiles?
The big question is, will that be enough time?
The bile of the vanquished flows over my hands.
The binary message left by the Captain is not entirely clear.
The biobeds aren't working?
The biofilter cannot distinguish them from the matter stream.
The biofilter should have screened them out but it didn't.
The bioregulator of his artificial heart's been fused.
The biospectral test results, Doctor.
The biosphere's superstructure will never withstand the tectonic shocks.
The bird did not appear in my original experience.
The birth of a new star.
The bishop was pinned.
The blankets were helpful.
The blast must have killed him instantly.
The blood cut you gave me to seal our bargain.
The blood of all Klingons has become water.
The board shows green, Captain.
The bodies were found in the rubble after the storm had passed.
The body Geordi discovered.
The body can't be violated before it's buried.
The body is just a shell.
The body itself becomes a conveyor of top secret files.
The body responds to our stimuli.
The bomb had a molecular-decay detonator.
The bomb used a molecular-decay detonator.
The bomb was implanted in one of their forearms.
The bomb was set by a teenager.
The bone fragments are definitely human.
The border is heavily guarded.
The border is just two kilometres east of here.
The bottom line is they never should have gone there in the first place.
The boy I was has not changed.
The boy can come with me.
The boy described a boarding party with helmets and phaser rifles.
The boy is more human than Klingon.
The boy is my responsibility.
The boy is unreasonable.
The boy understood.
The boy was here.
The boy was listed as missing, presumed dead.
The boy was transported twice already and still infected Doctor Pulaski.
The boy would have felt nothing.
The boy's going to be all right.
The boy, Wesley Crusher, where is he, please?
The boys appear to have reconciled their differences.
The boys got into another little scrap, I'm afraid.
The brain scans I've run are unusual, but there's no damage to the hippocampus.
The breach can be temporarily sealed by extending our shields.
The breach never happens.
The breeze will carry your scent.
The bribe is ten thousand more.
The bride and groom go naked?
The bridegroom.
The bridge will be sending a rescue party as soon as possible.
The briefing mentions something about an uncanny linguistic skill.
The briefing?
The broken limb is kept immobile.
The bubble.
The buildings, the food, the sky, the dirt beneath your feet.
The burdens of command.
The call was cut off in mid-transmission.
The calm before the storm?
The camera drools over it lovingly.
The camp is in a southeasterly direction.
The camp is located on the edge of Romulan space.
The candle's on the ship.
The capital city.
The captain dines alone.
The captain of the other ship is demanding to be heard.
The captain's final message, praising his crew.
The captain, Commander?
The card I originally chose.
The cardiac replacement procedure.
The cargo bay will be off limits to all but medical personnel.
The cargo bays.
The cargo you have impounded is the only hope of life for our people.
The carriage they escaped in was driven by an albino.
The cat's out of the bag.
The cause of peace is a just cause.
The causes are different, but the cure is similar in each case.
The cavern itself seems to be acting as a focusing mechanism.
The cease fire has been broken.
The cell structures are badly distorted.
The cell, Doctor.
The cells are metabolising at an incredible speed.
The cellular decay is accelerating in all cases.
The cellular residue is completely fused with to metal of the deck plate.
The centre of a huge space federation, a population of trillions.
The centre of the galaxy.
The ceremonial weapon of an assassin.
The cha'DIch will be silent.
The challenge is unequivocally refused!
The challenge is yours to make.
The challenge was carried out.
The challenge will be forgotten.
The challenge, Mister Offenhouse, is to improve yourself.
The chance that I might find out someone was coming.
The chances of us reaching Draken undetected are not good.
The change of command will take place at thirteen hundred hours.
The characters you spoke to, do they have any significance?
The charade is over.
The charge has been made by Duras, the son of my father's greatest rival.
The charges are conspiring with the enemy.
The cheers are overwhelming.
The child inside you, are you able to access his thought process?
The child is unquestionably telepathic.
The child, the child depends on him.
The children are harmless.
The children don't carry the disease, they are the cause.
The children were afraid of her.
The children were not laughing with you, they were laughing at you.
The children will be condemned to live out their lives in isolation.
The children will survive, but the rest of us are just about out of time.
The children's centre's having a ceramics class this afternoon.
The choice is yours.
The choice of meal is determined by individual taste.
The choice of this world was not only because of environmental conditions.
The chroniton fields have been cleared from all critical areas.
The cigar, of course.
The circuits are already beyond the thermal limit.
The circuits which control the shields, they've been fused.
The circumstances require us to be flexible.
The citizens of Minos gained fame during the Ersalrope wars as arms merchants.
The clan wars are over, Brull.
The cloak appears to be functioning normally.
The cloak blew out the plasma relays on the Pegasus after we left the ship.
The cloak failed, and half the ship materialised in solid rock.
The cloak is online and ready to begin phase sequencing.
The clock, the transporter trace, Data's odd behaviour.
The clones lied about our whereabouts?
The close pass by the weapons must have disrupted our communicators.
The closest analogy is step-sister.
The clothes you got on, the way you talk, it's like you were born yesterday.
The cluster is unaffected.
The cluster remains completely unresponsive.
The code is valid.
The code, Mister La Forge?
The coils stay here.
The cold reaction of an android.
The colonists are all on board, sir.
The colonists were not envious of you, they were afraid of you.
The colony is completely lawless.
The colony laboratory.
The colony was destroyed later, during a border skirmish.
The colony we just planted, sir.
The comm.
The command overrides used to disable the tractor were Commander Data's.
The command pathways are functioning normally.
The communicators are out.
The compact shape does suggest a rapid chemical processing and storage capacity.
The components specified are all within normal tolerances.
The composition of the moon's crust is blocking the sensors.
The computer beaten by flesh and blood.
The computer can extrapolate and reconstruct the rest of the face, sir.
The computer can tell you how to find them.
The computer diagnostic showed that the exocomp disabled its own interface.
The computer has completed its analysis.
The computer has configured the drilling pattern and specified depths.
The computer has locked in phaser depth calculations.
The computer has returned to normal functioning.
The computer has stopped drilling.
The computer has taught me that I am made up only of energy.
The computer has to do this.
The computer is processing the data.
The computer logged in your identification from your communicator.
The computer might be able to find that pattern.
The computer never told you that I was married?
The computer on the station is not completely operational.
The computer refuses to accept voice commands.
The computer refuses to identify the exits.
The computer sensors would've picked up anything dangerous.
The computer should think all three of us are Data.
The computer simulation was not like this.
The computer still isn't working properly.
The computer still won't release the doors.
The computer was damaged.
The computer will not allow us to override an emergency forcefield command.
The computer won't accept the variant climate controls.
The computer won't release the command pathways.
The computer's down.
The concentration gradient definitely increases along this vector.
The concentration of triolic waves falls off about here.
The concept is similar to the method of directed dreaming.
The conclusion is appalling.
The condition is identical, Captain.
The condition of their vehicle was deteriorating.
The conference can wait.
The conference on Atalia Seven has been scheduled for six months.
The configuration is unfamiliar.
The confinement beam subsystems check out.
The confinement field is at full strength.
The connection's idiot proof.
The connections have been fused.
The container does show evidence of residual ionisation.
The containers you were checking fell on you.
The containment field has dropped to sixteen percent.
The containment field is intact.
The containment fields are beginning to degrade.
The containment system is going.
The contamination's been neutralised.
The contents of their logs and journals were transferred into my memory cells.
The contrapuntal nature of the composition is most demanding.
The control mechanism's not operative, sir.
The control pad just overloaded.
The control room, the probes, all of it.
The control system for the primary containment field is not functioning.
The controls for the environment are, therefore, not accessible.
The convoy will arrive in due course.
The cook has never heard of Rivas Jakara.
The coordinates are identical.
The coordinates are inside the station core.
The coordinates given are outside the Boradis system.
The core breach has been prevented, sir.
The core may solidify by then.
The core should remain molten for several hundred years.
The correct procedure would be to adjust the converter.
The cosmic string it was never dangerous to them.
The cost of producing tricyanate is very expensive.
The council has noted it.
The council stands in recess.
The course to the Fleming is plotted and laid in, sir.
The court of silence.
The craft is now within visual range.
The crash site?
The creature is covering it.
The creature is filled with rage.
The creature is now in direct contact with the hull, sir.
The creature's anatomy appears most peculiar.
The creatures infesting the Enterprise have been completely eliminated.
The creatures were disrupting the plasma flow.
The crew awaits your orders, Captain.
The crew follow him because they have no choice.
The crew has decided to stick together.
The crew is not at battle stations.
The crew is saddened by your loss, Mister Data.
The crew manifest is available.
The crew might still be alive.
The crew of the Magellan actually put on a talent show here.
The crew of the Raman are dead.
The crew values Picard's life above all others.
The crew was having a problem with the regulators.
The crew's looking to you for guidance.
The crew's pretty shaken up.
The crew.
The crowd seemed a bit too ebullient for comfort.
The cruiser that found Data reported farmlands here.
The cryogenic process would be nearly instantaneous.
The crypts in which they were frozen were literally falling apart.
The crystal lattice is breaking down.
The crystals are growing to form perfectly aligned lattices.
The cultural database said the Klingon's family must attend.
The cut off has been automatically activated.
The cuts are precise.
The damage he did during his escape was considerable.
The damage is pretty heavy.
The damage is too extensive.
The damage was done.
The damaged tissue seems to be repairing itself at a phenomenal rate.
The damn thing doesn't miss much, does it.
The damn thing's feeding off our shields.
The damndest thing I ever saw.
The danger is minimal, Number One.
The danger is minimal.
The dark flecks that drive us, that turn the innocent into the evil.
The darkness is appropriate for such a ritual.
The data from the Barzan's probe of the wormhole are quite impressive, Captain.
The data that I gathered is invaluable.
The databanks that identify who I am are not functioning.
The date!
The day I began training.
The day I met my first instructor.
The day I told you your father had been killed.
The day that I was posted to the Enterprise was the happiest day of my life.
The dead one, I'm afraid.
The dead were found all over the ship.
The deal is yours.
The dealer receives a nine.
The death of a Romulan officer at the hands of the Federation.
The debate is still going on in some quarters, but I think so, yes.
The debris was spread over a hundred square kilometres.
The decay rate indicates it could be human.
The decision about this planet was made at the very highest level of Starfleet.
The decision is mine.
The decision is not yours.
The defective grid is two hundred metres down conduit A two.
The deflector dish has been reconfigured, Captain.
The deflector dish.
The degree of damage to the Vico is making our rescue attempt difficult.
The demands on his time are formidable.
The design is simple.
The design represents the house of Duras.
The design seemed to flow quite naturally.
The designs on the walls?
The destroyer has minimal shields.
The destroyer is increasing its speed.
The destruction is remarkable considering the primitive weapons of the period.
The destruction of the planet happened just as I told you.
The detail.
The detectors.
The detention cell is vacant at this time.
The devastation they could bring is beyond imagination.
The device will do the rest.
The devil!
The diagnostic can wait.
The diagnostic insists everything's fine.
The diagnostic of the transporter system shows an anomalous energy fluctuation.
The diencephalic activity is exactly the same.
The difference between a madman and a committed man willing to die for a cause.
The difference in ages between you and Davies is not the issue here.
The difficult question is where.
The difficulty is in the frequency range.
The dilemma exists.
The dilithium chamber shows no anomalous readings.
The dimensions are accurate to within one point three percent.
The diplomatic situation is deteriorating.
The disc doesn't belong to you, Sovak.
The disc is mine!
The disc.
The disease is hereditary.
The disorientation will soon pass.
The dispersion trail continues in this direction.
The disrupter is lying on the floor.
The disruptor had almost no power.
The disruptor.
The disruptors lost power.
The dissipation effect is generating plasmonic energy bursts.
The distortion field must have interfered with the transport.
The distortion has reappeared, sir, bearing three three seven mark ten.
The distortion is because we had to use a phase inverter to retrieve the logs.
The distortion is extremely weak, sir.
The distortion is still in effect.
The distortion no longer registers on our instruments.
The distortion was growing in strength.
The distress call came in only four days ago.
The distress signal ended abruptly, and she's not been heard from since.
The district he represents is called the Krocton segment.
The disturbance is spherical in shape.
The diverters have to be synchronised.
The divisions are already forming.
The doctor gave him a complete medical examination.
The doctor said, okay, you're ugly too.
The doctors are a fair sight prettier.
The dog got away.
The dominant personality is unstable.
The door is on the opposite side!
The door to their compartment is jammed.
The door was open.
The door's over here!
The doors merely work differently from the ones you know.
The doors, sir.
The dorsal of the Engineering section.
The double bars indicate an elongated S sound.
The drag coefficient continues to increase.
The drag coefficient is still present, but it has stabilised.
The dreaded crew evaluation reports.
The duty roster was inaccurate.
The earliest was some twenty two thousand years ago.
The early results have been very encouraging.
The ecosystem has been restored to its natural state.
The effect can be quite provocative.
The effect from the wormhole was rather intense.
The effect has been localised to within two kilometres of the wavefront.
The effect has been reversed.
The effect seems centred around the frontal lobe.
The effect would only be intermittently.
The effects of Bendii Syndrome are apparent.
The effects of Bendii Syndrome are irreversible.
The effects of the medication are wearing off faster every time.
The efficiency needs to be raised by at least fifteen percent.
The efficiency of your hydraulic landscaping is quite elegant.
The efficiency of your warp coils is also unsatisfactory.
The effort yields its own rewards.
The eighth planet is L-class.
The electrical storm's creating thousands of ghosts.
The electromagnetic interference prevents an accurate reading.
The electromagnetic window on the planet is closing, sir.
The electropathic residue I discovered is located in the thalamus.
The emerald tie pin.
The emergency bulkheads on that deck are in place.
The emergency transporter armbands contain a type seven phase discriminator.
The emission is emanating from this direction.
The emitter circuits won't hold for long.
The emitters are beginning to deteriorate.
The emotions of the crew are particularly strong right now.
The enclosed environment of the shuttlecraft concentrated my exposure.
The end of what?
The enemy is firing.
The enemy is the Duras.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
The energy buffer is installed and functioning.
The energy field is attempting to match shield frequencies, sir.
The energy field will eventually penetrate our shields.
The energy field?
The energy from the pulsar, the energy from the planetoid.
The energy in the vortex wants me.
The energy level has dropped to two point six point three.
The energy levels are practically non-existent.
The energy of thought, to put it in your terms, is very powerful.
The energy our phasers generates might not be entirely compatible.
The energy output of the entity has doubled, Commander.
The energy output of the object is decreasing.
The energy pulse has dispersed.
The energy signature would seem to indicate a phaser-like blast.
The engine is running out of steam.
The engine's been off a little over three hours.
The engines are fine.
The engines are overheating.
The enhancement?
The entire Bridge crew.
The entire Velara Three facility has been powered down, Captain.
The entire area's been flooded with tachyon particles.
The entire base is in chaos.
The entire crew is looking forward to the diversion.
The entire crew somehow managed to kill themselves, Doctor.
The entire deck has been cleared of personnel.
The entire medical staff has commented on it.
The entire orchestra?
The entire ship?
The entire unit will have to be replaced.
The entity has disengaged, sir.
The entity has moved off several hundred metres.
The entity, has it abandoned him?
The environment would be compromised.
The environmental controls are here.
The environmental controls are over here.
The environmental settings in these quarters have been altered.
The envoy is aboard a class eight probe.
The envoy will fill you in.
The equations are only the first step.
The equations he punched in were nonsense, just as we thought.
The equipment we need was in main Engineering.
The erasures were complete.
The eruptions have stopped.
The escape pod doesn't seem to be out there.
The escape pod was apparently moved into the tunnels ahead of us.
The escape pods are still on board.
The evacuation plan is going well.
The evacuation should be well underway by now.
The evidence is clear.
The evidence is fairly conclusive.
The evidence is too pronounced.
The evidence warrants a trial.
The exercise is over!
The exercise will do me good.
The existence of a double would preclude that feeling.
The exocomp activated a self-repair programme at thirteen hundred forty hours.
The exocomp came out of the plasma conduit.
The exocomp didn't fail the test, it saw right through it.
The exocomp has replicated a different tool.
The exocomp has returned.
The exocomps are siphoning power from the core.
The exocomps had no such advocate.
The exocomps no longer have a choice.
The expansion will proceed as follows.
The experience overwhelmed you the first time.
The experiences are unique to each person.
The experiences of the past week will become part of our heritage.
The experiment achieved a stable core temperature for a short time, Minister.
The experiment was designed to see if we could keep a bubble like this intact.
The experiments shouldn't take more than a third of your crew, maybe half.
The explanation is simple.
The explosion has already occurred.
The explosive could possibly be disarmed at the same time it is removed.
The explosive was a triceron derivative.
The expression please is used only when requesting the person back.
The exterior shell is composed of carbon neutronium.
The external power is cut off.
The extra time we need.
The face of a thinker.
The fact is, I wasn't expecting this setting.
The fact remains you deliberately disguised your probes.
The fact that it is moving slowly changes nothing.
The fact that we're still alive suggests we might have won.
The factions have been at war for fifteen centuries.
The factions on Solais Five are historical enemies.
The factors do not support that conclusion.
The facts are here.
The facts are somewhat different.
The facts are the Ferengis did fire at us, but we were chasing them.
The facts just took a left turn.
The facts to date would lead to an objective conclusion that he is not.
The family of Duras is massing support.
The family of Duras must never be allowed to lead the Council.
The family will have to be notified.
The family you served needs you again.
The fault did not register on our instruments.
The feedback from the transfer beam would tear us apart.
The feeling I have done this before.
The feelings I sense from her are malevolent.
The feelings were primal.
The festivities for her return to you are in preparation.
The fever.
The field continues to drop, sir.
The field diverter will protect us.
The field emissions are particularly strong in this area.
The field has emitted an energy pulse.
The field imbalance has subsided.
The field ionisation is too intense.
The field is also acting as a tractor beam.
The field is at its maximum limit, but it is holding.
The field is deteriorating.
The field is getting too dense, sir.
The field is shifting amplitude, trying to match the shields.
The field strength is at forty percent and it is still falling.
The field strength is down to twenty percent.
The field strength is three hundred percent above the others we've found, sir.
The field's still deflecting the signal.
The fifth is eight meters away, proceeding south.
The fight at Maxia.
The fight does not go well, Enterprise.
The files are intact.
The files were deleted, by your mother, almost thirty years ago.
The final decision was made en route to Saturn.
The final game against Minsk.
The finalists will be here in half an hour.
The findings were inconclusive.
The finest archaeologist of the century is now shrouded with a cloak of mystery.
The firing programme?
The first Federation-Romulan co-venture.
The first Kahless?
The first and third E-band blips were clearly generated on board the ship.
The first chance you get you try to abduct her.
The first duty of every Starfleet officer is to the truth.
The first entry seems to be stardate 30620.1.
The first female metamorph born in my world for over a hundred years.
The first few minutes will be very tense.
The first free hour you have, I want to see you in the medical lab.
The first incision is complete.
The first indication occurred when we were digging.
The first is painkillers.
The first long range reading.
The first man I ever loved was my father.
The first months following my activation were a difficult period for me.
The first night I met you, Wes, I knew I wanted you on this squad.
The first of many we are sure to encounter in our travels.
The first on.
The first phase involves selecting the planet.
The first phaser blast will be approximately nineteen seconds in duration.
The first priority is to free it from the body of the parent.
The first ship I ever served aboard as Captain was called the Stargazer.
The first step on a journey that few humans will ever take.
The first step would be to fit your legs with motor assist units like this one.
The first symptom is sudden, acute arthritic inflammation.
The first tenet of good medicine is never make the patient any worse.
The first thing I'd like to do is inspect the power transfer conduits.
The first thing it did was to destroy a space vessel.
The first thing to do is help you map the colony.
The first thing we should do is run a complete series of neurographic scans.
The first thing we'll need is shelter from the sun.
The first time any man's freedom is trodden on, we're all damaged.
The first time was understandable, but now?
The first time we met you, you put us on trial for the crimes of humanity.
The first visitor we've ever had.
The first week that I was there, I went and met Boothby.
The flame is plasma based.
The flashes haven't changed.
The fleet?
The floor is over five hundred metres down from here.
The flow regulator is frozen.
The flow regulator is functioning properly.
The fluids of his body have overheated.
The flute?
The flux spectrometers are still down for re-alignment.
The foetus is about halfway through the first trimester, about six weeks old.
The foliage is very dense.
The following areas are showing contamination.
The food there is terrific.
The force field is not stable.
The force field sent him into neural shock.
The force field, the elaborate security system.
The forcefield in Security Three has been broken.
The forcefield is preventing any kind of contact other than audio.
The forcefield's ready, Captain.
The foreign investors in the book are described as flamboyantly generous.
The foremost authority in cybernetics.
The form clears the mind and centres the body.
The forms are very similar.
The formula from the old Enterprise didn't work.
The forty third day of Maktag, stardate 43205.
The forward.
The founders wanted everyone to feel they had a piece of the real thing here.
The fragment will have serious effects on your planet within six days.
The fragment's course has been altered by one point two one degrees, sir.
The fragment's moved point four degrees off its previous heading.
The fragmentation effect is increasing.
The fragments seem to be converging at about this point.
The framework's still charged, so watch it.
The freighter has entered the planet's atmosphere.
The freighter is an old Antares class vessel with limited speed and range.
The freighter is going down.
The freighter was fired upon by the former Commander of this vessel.
The frequency is open, sir.
The frequency's peaking a lot higher.
The friendship we've developed has made me very happy.
The frozen form of Lieutenant Torres has been rushed to sickbay.
The fuel is just gone.
The fuel reserves are empty.
The fun in the programme, Data, was in the attempt to solve a mystery.
The funny thing is, I never really drew a picture of her when I was young.
The further back in time, the larger the anomaly.
The fusion generator is overloading.
The fusion reactors that power the array are extremely unstable.
The future we constructed for you should have been convincing.
The future wellbeing of the Federation may well depend upon it.
The galaxy known as M Thirty Three.
The gallant Captain out of control.
The game initiates a serotonin cascade in the frontal lobe of the brain.
The game is five card draw, no limit.
The game is over.
The game is poker.
The game is seven card high/low with a buy on the last card.
The game is seven card stud.
The game isn't big enough unless it scares you a little.
The gas buildup is too great.
The gas is building up!
The gathering is concluded.
The geetas?
The gene for hearing is not present in my planet's ruling line.
The general feeling at Starfleet is that they are seeking a confrontation.
The genetic patterns are identical.
The gifts you give us are rare and precious.
The gik'tal has begun.
The gilvos!
The girl.
The given time has elapsed.
The goal is the safe return of Counsellor Troi and Lieutenant Prieto.
The good Doctor.
The good doctor was kind enough to provide me with a recording of your concert.
The good life, Worf.
The good news is that we have partial long range sensors.
The good news is that we were right about the computer's chronometer.
The good news is we can catch it.
The good news, however, is that the cease fire seems to be holding.
The good news.
The good times?
The goods were never delivered.
The government is looking for someone to take over the project.
The government is splintered.
The grasp of Duras reaches out from the grave.
The gratuity.
The graveyards of our young dead.
The gravitational distortion is too high.
The gravitational forces will affect sensor accuracy.
The gravitational shifts have already begun to affect my planet's orbit.
The graviton pulse is having an effect.
The graviton wave fronts pushed the ship to where we found it.
The gravity well is beginning to intensify.
The great Spock.
The great secret is not the variety of life, it's the variety of us.
The greatest possible future that you can imagine.
The greatest warrior of them all.
The ground never stopped shaking.
The ground shakes so he goes back inside and closes the door.
The grown-ups don't believe I'm real.
The growth rate's almost down to zero.
The growth rate's down to seven percent.
The guard outside hears his screams and forces the doors.
The guards are coming.
The guidance system on the Artemis failed.
The guy says I want a second opinion.
The guy's always late, he never gives his best effort, just slides by.
The gymnasium.
The hair began to burn.
The hall is rented, the orchestra engaged.
The hallway outside the computer core.
The hammer, for instance, has several meanings.
The handle is wrong.
The happiest day of my life was the day we got married.
The hat.
The hatch is magnetically sealed, but I believe I can bypass it.
The hearings are not going to stop.
The hearings on Simon Tarses will stop.
The heartbeat slows, the galvanic skin response drops.
The heat activates amino acids in the lactose, making it a natural sedative.
The heat and toxic gases have less effect on me.
The heat has fused the injectors shut.
The hell there isn't.
The hell you don't.
The helm is not responding.
The helm is suddenly malfunctioning, sir.
The helm isn't responding.
The helm won't respond.
The helm's dead.
The higher the fewer!
The higher, the fewer.
The history of our village.
The history you know or another one.
The holodeck can create some very challenging climbs.
The holodeck has been calibrated to Data's neural net.
The holodeck makes excellent use of finite space.
The holodeck safeguards are not functioning.
The holodeck.
The holodecks have all you'll ever need.
The holodecks, Ten Forward, and the gymnasium are all at your disposal.
The hologram generator is now functioning, sir.
The honour is mine.
The honour is ours.
The honour is to serve.
The honour of his family must be restored.
The honour of the ship?
The honour should be his.
The hospital Administrator denies you're here at all.
The host body is dying.
The hostages will be freed immediately, Captain.
The hostile intent of the Romulans.
The hostile is now giving chase, sir.
The hotel gets bought?
The house has been obliterated.
The house is a typical settlement structure with adaptations.
The house is back.
The hull is made of some kind of plasticised tritanium mesh.
The hum has gone too.
The hum is back.
The human called Geordi.
The human equation has been lost.
The human is here.
The human who was part of your abortive assault team, of course.
The humans here are powerful, capable of injuring or even destroying you.
The humiliating defeat at the Battle of Cheron has not been forgotten.
The hunt begins, Number One.
The hunt is a ritual that reminds us of where we come from.
The hunt?
The idea even scared me a little.
The idea of fitting in just repels me.
The idea of gender.
The illegitimate son of Duras cannot rule the High Council.
The illusion is flawless.
The image I saw was of Doctor Soong as a young man.
The imaging logs from that day show a ship approaching the Array.
The imaging logs?
The imaging scanners are actuating.
The imaging scanners still haven't isolated the microbes.
The impact on the health of the Betan people is clear.
The implant's been removed, remember?
The implants must be transmitting our thoughts.
The important thing at the moment is that one of your ships may be in jeopardy.
The important thing is I'm never going to leave you again.
The important thing is that we start talking.
The important thing is that we're here now together.
The important thing is, what do we do now?
The important thing is, what you did with your life afterwards.
The important things never will be.
The imposter's been aboard for nearly a day.
The impulse systems suddenly cut out and the warp drive just kicked in.
The incident at Galorndon Core.
The incident that you were involved in at the Academy.
The inertial dampers shouldn't fail without kicking in the automatic bypass.
The inertial motion from the tractor beams is still carrying us forward.
The infamous Worf, son of Mogh.
The infamy of your Picard is now fully known.
The infection is spreading.
The inflections, the timing.
The information from Geordi's visor is so complex it is difficult to encode.
The information on the Romulan supply ships will prove very useful.
The infrared range is increasing.
The infuser's been damaged.
The infusion of plasma into the core of Atrea Four has been accomplished.
The inhibitor seems to be working.
The initial output spike is inverted.
The injectors aren't responding to the diagnostic commands.
The injured Borg immediately self-destructed.
The injuries are healing.
The injuries were too severe, the damage too extensive.
The injury reports are increasing too, sir.
The injury was minor.
The innocent often become the pawns in conflicts of this type, Wes.
The innocent should not suffer from our sins.
The input levels are currently at fifty three percent of tolerance.
The input sampling.
The inputs eventually are anticipated and even missed when absent.
The inputs eventually are anticipated, and even missed when absent.
The inquiry is scheduled for fifteen hundred hours.
The installation should be about three hundred metres this way.
The insulation from the outpost should be able to handle the rest.
The intellect of Ira Graves has been deposited into our computer.
The intellectual rewards alone.
The interest alone could be enough to buy this ship.
The interface circuitry has been repaired.
The interface doesn't have to be fully compatible.
The interface is calibrated specifically to my visor's inputs.
The interface isn't fast enough.
The interface unit is operating within expected parameters.
The interference is highly variable.
The interference itself could be a message.
The interference will hide us from their sensors.
The interference will make it difficult to maintain contact with the probes.
The interior surface area is over ten to the sixteenth square kilometres.
The interlink pathways are functioning now.
The interlink sequencer is now bi-directional.
The internal clock.
The internal scans were negative.
The intersection acts as a resonance chamber.
The interstellar counterpart to Earth's Old Faithful.
The interval between radiation bursts.
The intuition, the experience.
The invasion of Minos Korva has been successful.
The investigation is moving faster than we expected.
The investigations are complete.
The ionisation disturbances?
The ionization from the storm is interfering with the transporters, Captain.
The iridescent currents are beautiful.
The irony is, he's the one who saw this coming from the moment you arrived.
The isolinear chips were definitely altered?
The isolinear subprocessor extends three point five metres.
The issue now is whether or not he killed K'mpec.
The issue of Dorvan Five must be reopened.
The ja'chuq is obsolete.
The joke is you.
The joke of the universe.
The judges chose to ignore it and I was robbed of my rightful standing.
The judgment stands.
The jury is still out on that, Picard, make no mistake.
The key is to figure out how the virus is transmitted.
The key lies in adjusting the lattice structure direction.
The kids'd love to see you, and you know how much you love Sharon's cooking.
The king who would be man.
The klaxons, smoke.
The knitter isn't working.
The knowledge and experience of the human Picard is part of us now.
The lab is still processing the tests.
The lack of any advanced decomposition is due to the sterile environment.
The land contours are familiar, sir.
The landlord came by.
The language of the agreement is correct in every detail, sir.
The laser blasts seemed to end when the yelling stopped.
The laser fire has ceased.
The last Federation vessel to make contact was the Potemkin, six years ago.
The last I knew, Commander Daren was on team six.
The last communication indicated it would be several hours.
The last entry dated nine years ago, sir.
The last information describes a colony in almost complete disarray.
The last mile of the marathon is always the toughest.
The last of the crew has been beamed aboard, sir.
The last report we have says they were observing the streamer at medium range.
The last thing America needs to do is fight in another world war.
The last thing I remember is jumping off a cliff.
The last thing I remember was returning to my quarters.
The last thing I remember we were beginning to transport.
The last thing I want is to be forced into destroying one of their ships.
The last thing I wanted to do was spend four years sitting in classrooms.
The last thing you need is serious thought.
The last thing you should think of yourself as, Data, is less perfect.
The last three nights I've, I've heard these voices.
The last time I saw Commander Flaherty, he spoke forty languages.
The last time I saw him, I yelled at him.
The last time I was here, it was bustling with activity.
The last time that I stood here was seven years ago.
The last time we encountered them was decades ago.
The last time we engaged Starfleet, we lost a man.
The last time we had a new case, Hitler and Stalin were bosom buddies.
The last time we met, you were looking for a husband.
The last two weeks have been gruelling.
The last unmanned probe showed a thriving ecosystem.
The last victim of a forgotten war.
The last was a piece of fruit.
The lasting peace begins here, with the two of us.
The latest masterpieces from my son.
The law is paramount.
The law is the law.
The laws of a three-dimensional universe say it should work.
The leader is Captain Korris.
The leader of the group that attacked us was Romulan.
The leader's name is Orta.
The least I could do is give you this.
The least that will happen is for you to stand trial and be punished.
The leaves first turn pure white, and then blue, when the weather gets cold.
The legend will die, but the people will live.
The length was to accommodate the Sheliak.
The letter said I had become belligerent and insubordinate.
The levels are still rising.
The levels are well within acceptable parameters.
The levels in the isocortex are still falling.
The library we propose will be a vast storehouse of these individual memories.
The life form has increased its energy output by fifty percent.
The life form's patterns are stable, Captain.
The life forms we left there had, had sought the challenge.
The life signs are emanating from the far side of Engineering.
The life signs are very confusing.
The life signs are very strong now, sir.
The life signs are weak.
The life signs seem to be coming from the far side of Engineering.
The life support systems on the ship are failing, sir.
The life was oozing out of me.
The lifeform is emitting its high frequency transmission.
The lift's falling!
The light frightens them.
The light in this room would make colour selection exceptionally problematic.
The lights stay on.
The limitless dimensions of the galaxy in which we exist.
The lines are being drawn.
The lines will be drawn.
The lines.
The lining's still smooth.
The link is active.
The liquid hydrogen's going to blow!
The lives of fifteen thousand people are riding on you.
The lives of the people of Boraal are far more important to me.
The local field distortion just wouldn't be strong enough to incapacitate them.
The local shrink.
The location of the Romulan bases along the Neutral Zone?
The location seems fine.
The locator beacon won't help.
The lock didn't hold.
The lock is holding.
The log just found aboard the Stargazer is a forgery.
The log should be downloaded into the Enterprise's records.
The log.
The logical course of action is to withdraw.
The logs have been deleted.
The logs indicate Professor Galen visited an unexplored star system, Ruah Four.
The look on my face?
The loss is mine, Ambassador.
The loss is yours.
The loss of dignity, the slow betrayal of our bodies by forces we cannot master.
The lustrous quality of the metal is so pure.
The magnesite is interfering with bioreadings.
The magnetic field containing the antimatter had weakened.
The magnetic field is extremely irregular.
The magnetic field is now restored.
The magnetic field is starting to fluctuate.
The magnetic fields won't reset.
The magnetic signature is identical to the one found in the cavern.
The main ODN line runs right behind that panel.
The main navigational deflector is functional again.
The main plasma flow has been shunted to the aft conduit.
The main power grid is online.
The main power returner is acting a little weird.
The male is standing in Kes territory.
The man I was is still inside me, but this conditioning has been imposed.
The man acted dishonourably.
The man got what was coming to him.
The man has the touch.
The man is brilliant in any century.
The man is dying.
The man is supposed to kill himself.
The man just incinerated, there before my eyes.
The man over there says he's got Molor's head in a box.
The man picked me up like a rag doll.
The man says, I said kiddillies, diddle I?
The man that he is.
The man who appeared to me on Boreth is not Kahless.
The man who makes decisions for me and mine without so much as a by your leave.
The man you're looking for was here several weeks ago.
The man's name is Thomas Raymond.
The man's nervous.
The man's never been on board a starship before, Jean-Luc.
The manifest.
The mantle is collapsing where the pressure was released.
The manufacturer will be pleased to hear it.
The many voices inside the one.
The map we provided your officers will take them to a tavern there.
The martial arts competition is in three days.
The masculine and the feminine.
The mass is too great.
The massacres in the Norkan outposts, for example.
The master criminal.
The mating habits of the Arkarian horn fowl are quite interesting.
The mating instinct is quite strong in Klingon biology.
The matrix is clear.
The matter here in Ten Forward has been transformed.
The matter is already decided.
The matter is closed.
The matter is settled.
The matter-antimatter injectors locked for a split second.
The matter-antimatter ratio has been changed.
The mean temperature is fifty five degrees Celsius.
The mechanical man gets his wish.
The mechanism appears to be jammed, sir.
The mechanism is physically jammed.
The medical file coder always includes the date as part of the file number.
The medical programs in the lab can be set up to emulate human responses.
The medical records are our next priority.
The medical records we found say this works almost instantly.
The medical scans have proved that, right, Doctor?
The medical situation on Barson Two has worsened.
The medical supplies, the arrests.
The medication Doctor Beverly gave me has helped.
The medicine worked again.
The meeting is adjourned.
The members of that team love him.
The memory is five years old now, but it's still inside me.
The men don't.
The men you helped rescue are safe.
The mesosphere is gone.
The message did employ the proper coded sequence.
The message does not elaborate.
The message is difficult to decode.
The message reads, my revenge is at hand.
The message was directed to the Klingon High Command.
The message was sent by Galen.
The metabolation occlusions aren't holding.
The metal is slightly warm.
The metal itself is in a state of quasi-molecular flux.
The metal's malleable enough to make some jewellry.
The metallurgical scan.
The metamorph.
The metamorph?
The metaphasic shield has been proven.
The metaphasic shield is a breakthrough in technology.
The metaphasic shielding has begun to form.
The method of attrition must take a little getting used to.
The metrazene should have stabilised him.
The microbes exist simultaneously as both matter and energy.
The microbes have been returned to the plasma streamer.
The microbrains may be like our own brain cells.
The microscopic organisms have a cycle of no more than five to ten seconds.
The mind opens, and in creeps wisdom.
The mind-meld can be a terrible intimacy.
The miners have sent a shuttle.
The mines are laid.
The mirror.
The missing DNA fragment should be in this system.
The mission can be saved.
The mission is one of utmost secrecy.
The mission reports are gone.
The mistakes I have made and what I have learned from them.
The mixture isn't as rich as regulations dictate.
The modeling itself is done by gravimetric wave input.
The modifications you made to the transporter.
The modulation frequency is in the upper harmonic range.
The molecules are too complex.
The molecules in my hand must have been partially de-phased by the anyon beam.
The molecules would begin to emit nucleonic particles.
The molten core of our planet is not just cooling, it's begun to solidify.
The momentous day is close at hand.
The money he stole.
The moolah, Dix.
The moon has reached its minimum orbital distance.
The moon will come to its perigee in fourteen minutes.
The moon will hit its perigee in ten hours.
The moon's altitude is fifty five thousand kilometres.
The moon's trajectory?
The moon, yes, that'll be my home, my paradise.
The moon.
The moonlight is so beautiful.
The more difficult the task, the sweeter the victory.
The more energy we dumped into the shield grid, the worse the impact.
The more frightens me.
The more situations they encounter, the more circuit pathways they build.
The more they get, the more they want.
The more unusual a life form is, the better he likes it.
The mortality rate is high, and it's very painful.
The most current information we have is two years old.
The most dangerous animal is a mother protecting her young.
The most important part about working some place like this is the art listening.
The most unusual thing we've seen is a binary star system.
The motion of the cloud is within my visual detection threshold.
The mountains are over two hundred seltons from here.
The mountains?
The muon feedback wave's not showing up on any of the engine displays.
The music is on all communications channels, sir.
The music will only follow me.
The myographic scanner is operational, but the power source keeps fluctuating.
The name clearly carries a meaning for them.
The name is Frank Hollander.
The name is Slade Bender.
The name is similar to Pardek's.
The name of my ship is the Lollipop.
The name of one of the soldiers was Javier Maribona-Picard.
The name of your father must someday be cleared.
The name's Clemens, son.
The name's London.
The nanites in the upper core are all dead, Captain.
The nature of politics.
The nature of their movement suggests a simple order of intelligence.
The nearest is approximately three light hours from our present position.
The nearest river is two days away.
The nebula or the pulsar?
The necklace.
The need for more research is clearly indicated.
The negotiations with the Cardassians have made little progress.
The nerve centre for the entire Lysian military operation.
The neural link will be established in three stages.
The neural scanner still seems to be a bit off.
The neural scanners read my mind, give me everything I want.
The neurophysical stress must've been overwhelming.
The neutrino stream is coming in strongly.
The new Tactical officer?
The new alliance will greatly benefit my people.
The new leaders have vowed to discard the treaty and claim the Neutral Zone.
The new night duty officer?
The next beams might be lethal.
The next blast rendered us unconscious.
The next day Commander Riker fell into a similar coma.
The next day, the storm came and the man was killed.
The next day, when I heard the station had exploded, I knew what had happened.
The next distortion wave will impact in fourteen seconds.
The next hatchway on your right.
The next meeting is in three hours.
The next move is his.
The next seven days should prove most illuminating.
The next test will involve the new photon torpedoes.
The next thing I know somebody's left hook is on its way to my chin.
The next thing I know there's a hissing ball of fur coming at my face.
The next time I'm there, it's the first thing I'll do.
The next time distortion should occur within seconds.
The next time the Enterprise appears, go through it with Data.
The next time we saw you, you asked me to join the Q Continuum.
The next time you call me aristocratic.
The next, the next logical step was to construct Data.
The nickname stops here and now.
The night blessing of the Yash-El.
The nightmares have ended.
The nodes are deactivating all over the ship.
The normal gestation rate for a Betazoid is ten months.
The normal reflex would have been to drop it.
The nucleonic beam has ceased, Commander.
The nucleotide sequences are starting to fluctuate.
The null space must be affecting the annular confinement beam.
The number of colonists at the site is five hundred and four.
The number of the cards and their values remain quite constant.
The number of troops under your admiral's command?
The numbers say it's even money.
The nurse is still playing the game.
The nutation modulation has them confused.
The object could have been dangerous.
The object does fit the general parameters of Dyson's theory.
The object has vanished.
The object here is not to engage the creature in battle.
The object is fifty kilometres ahead, sir.
The object is nearly solid.
The object's enormous mass is causing a great deal of gravimetric interference.
The obsession with vengeance would be passed from generation to generation.
The ocean filled with his tears and flooded beyond the shore.
The odd reading?
The odds are that at least one of the procedures will be successful.
The odds are.
The odds favour standing pat.
The odour is not palatable.
The offer is genuine.
The office of Dixon Hill, Private Investigator.
The old Bandi city's being hit hard, sir.
The old Gatherer on the planet?
The old forms dictated that the challengers perform the ja'chuq.
The old leaders have lost the respect of the people.
The oldest is twelve, and all are telekinetic.
The on-board computers have ceased functioning.
The onboard control systems for every starship require a user code clearance.
The one Doctor Soong made for you.
The one I saw before, with the head?
The one he always sang, the one I liked?
The one in sickbay never saw me.
The one like us.
The one on the hill.
The one on the right.
The one that leads to total annihilation.
The one the Picard wished to find.
The one unusual element is Worf.
The one who always used to drive you crazy?
The one who came with you to our ship.
The one with the thin moustache.
The one with the winning smile and the smooth talk about my eyes?
The one you started a long time ago, when I left you and your mother.
The one you wore when you were on the holodeck with her.
The ones we had delivered to the medical dispensary.
The ones we've been testing for the past few days?
The ones who hurt you.
The ones who make you so angry.
The ones with a certain look in their eye.
The only answer he wants to give is that he was alone.
The only benefit to the Klingon Empire would be our gratitude.
The only communication that was sent were the numbers one four zero zero.
The only difference between you and the others was that you were injured.
The only difference is that they never leave their home.
The only exception is in the paracortex.
The only explanation I can think of is that the Cardassians staged it.
The only food?
The only freshman to ever win the Academy marathon.
The only offensive systems you'll need will be simulated by computer.
The only one I can give you.
The only one I miss.
The only one he talks to is your friend, Data.
The only one of five children.
The only one remaining is the one that needs no conversation.
The only one we must avoid.
The only one who can destroy your Tasha now is you.
The only one who can turn is around is you.
The only one who doesn't seem affected by all this is Data.
The only people left alive were in an outlying district of the settlement.
The only permanent solution would be to re-liquefy the core.
The only person you're truly competing against, Wesley, is yourself.
The only place we can stop this is on the Bridge.
The only place we're going back to, sir, is bed.
The only reason I'm talking to you is that I have a sister, too.
The only reason to come here is to be amongst people.
The only recorded contact with the Delos system was over two hundred years ago.
The only sentient android in existence.
The only source I know is in the Sigma Erani system.
The only thing I'm guilty of is allowing this charade to go on so long.
The only thing at stake here is your life and your peace of mind.
The only thing here is empty space.
The only thing left to avoid is getting stabbed through the heart.
The only thing that's changed is you.
The only time he was ever called Ambassador was in a holodeck fantasy.
The only time the shield was active was during Jo'Bril's test flight.
The only truly independent environment would be something like a shuttlecraft.
The only two recorded deaths by this microvirus both from the same clan.
The only vessel we've had contact with recently is the Enterprise.
The only way through our shield is our way, Captain.
The only way to find out is to go back down.
The only way to save him.
The only way to stop it would be to eliminate its supply of oxygen.
The only way we can see them is to use an IP scanner.
The only way we knew we'd come out of warp was by looking out a window.
The only way we'll know for sure is if we go and take a look for ourselves.
The only way you'll ever get me back is over Tog's dead body!
The only way you're going to survive is by the charity of others.
The only words that fit are too pale because the images are so vibrant.
The only world I've known is Klavdia Three.
The opening seems closer, Captain.
The ophidian the aliens were carrying.
The optimist of the group.
The orders of a small man trying to fill a role too big for him.
The orders were given with great subtlety.
The ore is forming generator strata.
The ore, the ship.
The organic readings originated from these dark spots.
The organisms are sensitive to different types of endorphins.
The organisms are still impairing his neural functions.
The organisms fuse to the nerve, intertwining at the molecular level.
The organisms responded all right.
The organisms' metabolism has changed.
The original Tarchannen disappearances were never solved, were they?
The original destination of the Artemis was Septimus Minor.
The original.
The other Picard and the shuttle are gone.
The other children have been assigned to their units.
The other colony?
The other faction is breaking through, sir.
The other is evenly spaced, closer together.
The other is not.
The other is shorter, left handed, and is employed in a laboratory.
The other jumped me.
The other members of the Q continuum kicked you out.
The other officers?
The other reason being?
The other two Enterprises, they're on their way.
The other two are no longer in Starfleet.
The other two are secretive, but she is as open as she appears.
The other two pulses have the exact same amplitude modulation as our own pulse.
The other will be staying with us, at her own request.
The others, like her.
The others.
The others?
The outpost just won't withstand it.
The override protocol has been initiated.
The override sequence won't engage.
The oxygen levels will return to normal shortly.
The pain is actually still there.
The pain is going away.
The pain is gone.
The pain is tolerable, thank you.
The pain!
The pain, the energy pulse, must be linked to the cell mutation in the body.
The pain, the misery.
The painting has changed.
The paracortex is the Betazoid telepathic lobe.
The parameters are changing too quickly for it to keep up.
The parameters are pretty broad, Data.
The parasites must've gotten into the primary warp controllers, Captain.
The parent proved to be a threat to the ship.
The part about Rishon.
The part about the helping hand, thought, was my idea.
The particle beam will tear apart human flesh as well.
The particle emission is most unusual.
The particle stream frequency is beginning to fluctuate.
The particle stream is beginning to distort.
The particle stream is beginning to surge.
The particles will accumulate in their dilithium chamber.
The past and the future.
The past few days have been exhausting.
The path of A warrior begins with the First Rite of Ascension.
The pathfinder lead here and stopped, which is what I knew would interest you.
The patient's going into shock.
The pattern buffer is fine.
The pattern enhancer has been activated.
The pattern has no exact match in Federation records, sir.
The pattern immediately returned to its previous dynamic.
The pattern is fairly organised.
The pattern's changed.
The patterns are clearly artificial.
The patterns are identical.
The patterns are steadier.
The peace conference will wait for us.
The peace treaty isn't just a piece of paper.
The peace treaty was a ruse, to give them breathing room, time to regroup.
The people Data beamed over.
The people I've met tend to be more conservative.
The people are approaching levels of anxiety that could lead to suicide.
The people in Ventax Two live in an agrarian society.
The people involved in this are of the highest calibre.
The people sought protection within the walls.
The people weighed the costs involved.
The people wept.
The people who've studied the transmissions think it's a starship.
The people you see are here by choice.
The perfect administrator.
The perfect tool for our purpose.
The performance is tomorrow night.
The performance of my crew is none of the Ambassador's business.
The person who has made the threat is under the impression that you are my son.
The person you are now would cease to exist.
The phase buffer is functioning within normal parameters.
The phase coils don't take well to ricochets.
The phase inducers are connected to the emitter array.
The phase inducters are aligned.
The phaser blast was not powerful enough to destroy the ship.
The phaser frequency spread was in a high narrow band.
The phaser pulse appears to have been carefully attenuated for just that effect.
The phaser was on stun.
The phaser was set at maximum.
The phasers are operational.
The phenomenon does not have a definable centre or outer edge.
The phenomenon is closing in on itself, Captain.
The phenomenon is within visual range.
The photograph!
The physical and psychological need is very real.
The pilot is attempting to hold course manually.
The pilot is busy.
The pilot relies on visual clues from the other ships to maintain formation.
The pilot, he's injured.
The pipius claw was excellent.
The place is called Risa, and believe me, Captain, it is a paradise.
The place looks great.
The place was a mess when we left.
The plague has baffled doctors on both planets for two hundred years.
The plague is irrelevant now.
The plague on Styris Four has flared up out of control.
The plague?
The plan failed because clues were left behind that suggested a mystery.
The plan has been approved and we are going ahead.
The plan has failed.
The plan was successful, sir.
The planet Kurl?
The planet below was possibly one of them.
The planet is Vagra Two, sir, in the Zed Lapis sector.
The planet is in chaos.
The planet is subject to frequent sandstorms.
The planet is too far from their borders.
The planet possesses no animal life whatsoever.
The planet's atmosphere is dissipating, sir.
The planet's records are virtually non-existent.
The planets that these fragments are from are scattered across the quadrant.
The plant secretes a resin which is collected within the blossom.
The plasma discharge would have obliterated any evidence that it was murder.
The plasma flow to the nacelles is uneven due to injector lock.
The plasma ignited in space, and it looked as if the ship had been destroyed.
The plasma intercooler's gone.
The plasma shock could have affected his nervous system.
The plasma storms are too strong.
The plasma venting system has engaged.
The plasmonic energy surges from the planet are affecting the ship's systems.
The play is full of disturbing images.
The play is over.
The play's gone.
The play's not till tomorrow night.
The play.
The play?
The playing field.
The pleasure is mine, Hutch.
The pleasure of your company is requested, Counsellor.
The pocket seems stable.
The pod is still too far away.
The pod is thirty two hours overdue.
The pods are equipped with fusion-generated pulse lasers and minimal shielding.
The point is for you to get some rest, mother.
The point is that this is beside the point.
The point is well taken, Captain.
The point is, I didn't get the chance.
The point is, I'm here, and I'm eager to get on with life.
The point is, it's the right choice.
The point is, they may be reasonable.
The point is, without a complete autopsy, there's no way of knowing for certain.
The point is, you didn't even try standard treatments.
The point is, you've completed the upgrade well ahead of schedule.
The point, Mister Odell.
The polar region?
The polarity is not compatible.
The political power will remain with the High Council.
The port engine's down.
The port nacelle's been hit.
The port thruster module blew.
The port thruster quad's gone.
The portable transporter array is in.
The positron density is point zero one three.
The positronic matrix I designed for her was unstable.
The possibilities of exploration and research are endless.
The possibility does exist, yet Gosheven seems unwilling to prepare for it.
The possibility of an encounter with Romulans on this mission is hardly trivial.
The post-atomic horror.
The power boost to the structural integrity field protected the nacelles.
The power cell is ready.
The power connections blew.
The power coupling overheated and the entire containment field almost collapsed.
The power drain has registered on my security grid as well, sir.
The power drain is increasing, Approaching auto-shutdown.
The power flow is consistent at four hundred kolems.
The power grid is fully restored.
The power grid is located beneath this deck, sir.
The power level's really spiking now.
The power loss should only last for a few seconds.
The power reaching those monitors has been diverted from the Bridge, sir.
The power requirements of the shuttle do not match those of the Enterprise.
The power source, sir.
The power source?
The power system has destabilised.
The power transfer beam.
The power transfer can now be engaged.
The preliminaries are over.
The preliminary data we received indicate a transient power imbalance.
The pressure from inside the ship might push it away from the hull.
The pressure has jumped two hundred melakols!
The price is a little high for me, and I don't like who I would have to thank.
The pride of the Enterprise goes with you.
The primary EPS coupling is fused.
The primary computer database should be online now.
The primary inducer is completely fused.
The principle is still the same.
The priority is to find out who or what is doing this.
The prisoner has taken a transport vessel.
The prisoners will all stand.
The probability of cascade failure grew with each additional pathway.
The probe has shut down.
The probe is composed of paricium and talgonite, a ceramic alloy.
The probe is descending out of range.
The probe is designed to respond to any movement Geordi intends to make.
The probe is emitting an unusual particle stream.
The probe is following.
The probe is matching our speed and course.
The probe is moving with us, sir, holding relative position.
The probe is no longer transmitting.
The probe is still with us, sir.
The probe is within visual range of the planet.
The probe sends information via a focused particle beam.
The probe was designed to instruct outsiders on how to reach this system.
The probe was launched from Iconia, probably from an automated system.
The probe will give us some of those answers, sir.
The probe's field intensity is continuing to build, sir.
The probe.
The probes are the only leverage we have.
The probes, sir.
The probes.
The problem affects us all.
The problem is finding them.
The problem is, Imzadi, I couldn't.
The problem is, what she does when she's awake.
The problem seems to have corrected itself.
The problem was time.
The problem's originating in Sickbay.
The problem, sir, is there.
The problems were inside the engine.
The problems with your memory are the result of the way you returned.
The procedure didn't work.
The procedure is irreversible.
The procedure is quite simple.
The process of neutralisation should have taken several hours.
The processors can handle the extra input.
The product continues to upgrade and improve.
The professor had died.
The professor's notes are in code.
The profit, DaiMon Tarr, of saving all our lives.
The program's installed and waiting.
The programme affected all of the Yamato's systems simultaneously.
The programme didn't shut down.
The programme fashioned her for me to love.
The programme has been activated.
The programme is continuous but only within the computer's circuitry.
The proper thing for you to do now is to ask to get Tasha back.
The prophecies have come true.
The proposed trade agreements are not acceptable.
The prototype has been towed into position, Captain.
The proudest day of his life was when Worf earned his commission.
The proximity detector is working.
The proximity implants prevent either side from doing any serious damage.
The psych test is no more or less important than the rest of the process.
The psych test, sir?
The pull on the Enterprise is steady.
The pulse is holding steady.
The punishment zone.
The purest in the galaxy.
The purpose of the Tal Shiar is to ensure loyalty.
The purpose of which is?
The pursuing ship is the Phoenix.
The qa'vak is not a game.
The quality of the transmission is very poor.
The quality will improve slightly.
The quantum fissure is beginning to destabilise.
The quarantine field was already operating.
The quarantine seal is getting weaker.
The quaratum in these containers is used in emergency thruster packs.
The queen's gambit finished off with the Aldabren Exchange.
The quest for youth, Number One.
The question are, why now?
The question becomes why?
The question is how?
The question is what to do until then?
The question is, do we stay here and check it out?
The question is, for what?
The question is, has he helped you enough?
The question is, how are we going to deal with it.
The question is, how do I defend against it?
The question is, how do we convince Gosheven?
The question is, how do we get out?
The question is, how long can we survive in here?
The question is, is Data a prisoner or did he go willingly?
The question is, now that you're here, what do we do with you?
The question is, what are they?
The question is, what is it?
The question is, what sort of jaded game is he up to this time?
The question is, where?
The question is, who's going to move first?
The question is, who?
The question is, will the injectors come back online?
The question now is the incredible power of the Q being.
The question remains, are you the one to pursue this?
The question remains, why are they stealing these artefacts?
The quicker we can come to terms, the better, NCC 1701-D.
The quiet ones, they always look so innocent.
The radial force compensator?
The radiation field is so strong it interferes with our sensors.
The radiation is setting up a field ionisation effect, Captain.
The radiation levels are dropping to normal.
The radiation levels are too high, even for you.
The radiation levels are too high.
The radiation levels from that ship are off the scale.
The radiation levels is about twenty percent lower at this end of the bay.
The radiation levels on Aldea have been building up over a long period of time.
The radiation signature is no longer stable.
The raid failed.
The range is at least several thousand light years.
The rapport that exists between us also means a great deal to me.
The rate of cellular decay is extremely low.
The rate of evolution would be extraordinary.
The rate of increase continues.
The rate of metamorphosis is accelerating.
The rate of quantum incursions is increasing exponentially.
The reaction caused gas turbulence of a totally unexpected magnitude.
The reaction is global.
The reaction is producing vertion particles.
The reactor has already gone into overload.
The reactor is now inoperative.
The reactor's gone.
The reading I received is from behind this door, sir.
The readings are fluctuating too wildly.
The readings are not that specific.
The readings are quite interesting.
The readings emanate from a location near what is left of main Engineering.
The readings of his brain waves are very strange.
The readout shows its guidance system is malfunctioning.
The real Juliana probably would have left too, if she'd lived.
The real London was hundreds of square kilometres in size.
The real Molor died centuries ago.
The real Molor.
The real crime is here.
The real power is in the council.
The real question is, what does it mean to us?
The real reason you left.
The real secret is turning disadvantage to advantage.
The real you.
The rear wall.
The reason I can't find anything is that there's nothing there to find.
The reason for my coming here has never been more clear.
The reason is obvious, of course.
The reason is obvious.
The reception seems to be going well.
The records may simply have been lost.
The records of the Stargazer, sir.
The records.
The recreations will have a nominal eight point seven percent margin of error.
The redoubtable Commander Riker, whom I noticed before.
The refractory metal in the rock formations may act as an effective barrier.
The reign of biological life forms is coming to an end.
The relationship requires a biological being.
The relevant neurons.
The remaining debris is of no threat to the planet, sir.
The remains of a larger vessel.
The remains of another ship?
The rematerialisation subroutine has been disabled.
The rendezvous with the Goddard has been postponed.
The rendezvous.
The rent.
The repairs are almost complete.
The repairs to the Hegh'ta are proceeding.
The replica was convincing?
The replicator can make anything you desire.
The replicator in his quarters has not been used.
The replicator, damaged beyond repair.
The replicators on decks four through nine are producing nothing but cat food.
The replicators on the station haven't worked for a long time ago.
The residual energy from the plasma streamer.
The resonance signature indicates that there is magnesite ore present.
The resonator amplifies violent feelings and emotions.
The resonator is a key artefact from a remarkable period of history.
The response I would expect from my older brother.
The rest is out there, just waiting.
The rest of our forces are depending on us.
The rest of the bridge crew is dead.
The rest of the ship is clear of surprises, Lieutenant Yar.
The rest of this is an issue, gentlemen, to be settled between yourselves.
The rest of us have been gone for a thousand years.
The rest of us were here.
The rest of us were infected by the supply ship, but they were protected.
The rest stay here.
The restraining field is not necessary.
The restraints are for his own protection.
The restriction field will make it very hard for you to walk.
The result was a man who I was proud to call one of my officers.
The resulting gravitational forces are both violent and highly unpredictable.
The results of which may help unlock the geological puzzle.
The results say he's in perfect shape.
The results won't be in until morning.
The results would be disastrous.
The retro virus is working, sir.
The return of your honour.
The rewards are far beyond simple friendship.
The rewards could be greater than you can imagine.
The ridges of a warrior.
The rift is certainly not stable, Captain.
The right is mine and I will have it!
The rights of other races must be respected.
The rigid Data is currently laid across it.
The rigid Klingon code.
The risk is too great, Commander.
The risk to the ship and crew is too great.
The risk would be
The risk would be in allowing the Romulans to locate Iconia.
The risks on a ship this old and fragile are inconceivable, Captain.
The river Temarc in winter.
The river Temarc!
The river Temarc.
The road ahead is long.
The road between covers a lifetime of values, beliefs.
The rock in this wood can be felt by its weight and by its hardness.
The room is not ready.
The room next door will be good enough for now.
The rotational period of the neutron star is one point three five seconds.
The rules are known.
The rules changed too quickly.
The rules of the game change to fit the moment.
The rules on this ship do not change just because Ro Laren decides they do.
The ruling family on Gallos Two.
The rungs are cut.
The running youth was a ploy.
The rupture has expanded another four point two percent.
The rupture is beginning to close, sir.
The rupture is beginning to expand again, sir.
The rupture is eighty six percent closed.
The rupture is still expanding.
The safest way to proceed is for me to cross alone.
The safety of my entire crew is at stake, but I must be sure.
The safety of the Enterprise may be entrusted to these two.
The same London but slightly different.
The same U-shaped symbol, small and insignificant.
The same clan.
The same conditions won't permit a shuttle to land safely, Mister LaForge.
The same demand has been made by the Atlec legation.
The same distance could be achieved in a matter of seconds through the wormhole.
The same may be true of the Crystalline Entity.
The same old story is the one we're meeting now.
The same old story, all over again.
The same one, sir.
The same one?
The same planet our sensors picked up before the so-called wormhole.
The same reading as the ship sensors.
The same thing happened to me, sir.
The same thing happened to me.
The same thing that happened to the replicator happened to the stabiliser.
The same thing you want for yourself.
The same thing.
The satellite's trajectory is continuing to deteriorate, Captain.
The saucer module is now entering orbit with us, sir.
The saucer module should fall out of warp in two minutes.
The saucer section is disabled.
The saucer section's a sitting duck.
The scale is readily quantifiable.
The scan analysis you asked for.
The scanner is having trouble reading the Klingon dorsal root ganglia.
The scanning range may be a bit limited, but it's better than nothing.
The scanning signal has penetrated our shields.
The scanning signal is again being reflected off the wavefronts.
The scars on old soldiers' bodies.
The scattering field is still in full force.
The schedule itself required three months of negotiations.
The science station exploded yesterday at almost four times that interval.
The scones are likewise a must.
The scribblings of an Englishman dead now for four centuries.
The scrolls of Ardra, Captain.
The sculpting tool is just helping you develop it.
The seabed it may be only partially fossilised.
The seal was broken and the environment has been corrupted.
The search for knowledge is always our primary mission.
The search isn't much more than a formality at this point.
The search teams have reported in.
The second away team found her body here inside the core.
The second came from the planet surface.
The second lateral emitter circuit.
The second planet shows evidence of an ancient ocean, now dry.
The second time will succeed if we leave no clues.
The second transport window opens in forty two seconds.
The secondary beam is being distorted as well.
The secondary plasma vent has a triple redundant bypass.
The secondary power bus may need adjusting.
The security guard fires, but it has almost no effect.
The security matters can wait.
The security of the Enterprise is of paramount importance, Mister Worf.
The seed codes directed your evolution toward a physical form resembling ours.
The seismic activity makes those caverns very unstable.
The self-correcting mechanism.
The senior officers always dine together.
The senior staff is in a meeting.
The sensation will pass.
The sensations were very real and extremely arousing.
The sense of reality was absolutely incredible.
The sensors are picking up temporal disturbances throughout the region.
The sensors are useless.
The sensors cannot identify the point of origin.
The sensors?
The sensory overload almost killed you.
The sentry first appeared when you used your phaser.
The separation sequence has been aborted, Captain.
The sequence will be ready to initiate in one minute.
The service for the Hera will probably be on Vulcan.
The servo mechanisms in my mouth are designed to approximate human movements.
The servo mechanisms in my neck are designed to approximate human movements.
The servo-link must be damaged.
The seven people on that ship are our first priority.
The shaft has not been obstructed by the seismic activity.
The shape is a paradox, sir.
The shape is too perfect.
The shape of the shock wave would be critical.
The shearing planes are here, here, and here.
The shield has severed the beam, sir.
The shield that protected your world in one way is weakening it in another.
The shield will hold.
The shields are being probed.
The shields are dropping.
The shields have not been fully restored.
The shields will not respond.
The ship again?
The ship and the crew existed symbiotically.
The ship appears to be regenerating.
The ship contained logs made by a single survivor, a human woman.
The ship does not have visual capabilities.
The ship doesn't register on the long-range sensors.
The ship got caught in the sphere's gravity well and down we went.
The ship has been destroyed.
The ship has been seriously contaminated with invidium, sir.
The ship has held up pretty well over the years.
The ship has moved into warp, sir.
The ship has not been heard from in several days.
The ship has performed magnificently, beyond anyone's expectations.
The ship is at risk as long as we're sitting here.
The ship is coming out of warp, sir.
The ship is destroyed.
The ship is drifting, sir.
The ship is equipped with a cloaking device.
The ship is falling apart!
The ship is fully operational.
The ship is intact, sir, with no indication of structural damage.
The ship is losing its structural integrity.
The ship is on evacuation alert.
The ship is out of, out of, we're running out.
The ship is strangely generalised in design.
The ship isn't responding, sir.
The ship matches the Starfleet description of a Lysian destroyer.
The ship was at yellow alert.
The ship was controlled from the ground.
The ship was damaged when your arm hit the computer panel?
The ship was destroyed by a warp core breach as I recall.
The ship was protecting itself again.
The ship was ripped apart.
The ship was searched thoroughly.
The ship will be ready to leave orbit soon, and I belong on board.
The ship will clean itself.
The ship you are on has violated a Federation outpost.
The ship!
The ship's Engineer is a sympathiser.
The ship's computer does.
The ship's computer doesn't have that much on Daled Four.
The ship's computer would have corrected immediately.
The ship's energy is being drained into the fissure before we can utilise it.
The ship?
The ships in the convoy are raising their shields.
The ships would return to their own realities.
The shipyard where the Enterprise was built.
The shock of learning you were dying.
The shoot-out between the bellboy and Mickey D.
The shopkeeper says to him, You mean kidneys, don't you?
The shunt is cleared.
The shut off valve ruptured.
The shuttle appears to be abandoned.
The shuttle broke up just after we beamed you out.
The shuttle doesn't have warp capability.
The shuttle goes deeper into the sun as they wrestle for the weapon.
The shuttle has been enveloped by an energy field.
The shuttle has been subjected to stress consistent with a tractor beam.
The shuttle has crashed on the surface.
The shuttle is approaching the outer thermosphere, Captain.
The shuttle is emerging from the corona, sir.
The shuttle is enveloped by a tractor beam.
The shuttle is ready to transport the Ambassador.
The shuttle is under way, sir.
The shuttle is without power.
The shuttle will reach that area in approximately two minutes.
The shuttle would be subjected to particularly intense radiation.
The shuttle's acceleration is increasing.
The shuttle's entering the lower ionosphere, sir.
The shuttlebay.
The shuttlecraft carrying Captain Picard has not yet arrived.
The shuttlecraft's impulse generators have shut down.
The sick and injured are reabsorbed.
The sickness?
The side effects of the transport?
The sign of a Zaldan.
The signal ended abruptly at oh four five five.
The signal is a standard mathematical progression.
The signal is ragged, but I think I can put it on the viewscreen.
The signal is strong.
The signal is very weak, sir.
The signal is weakening.
The signal lock wasn't broken, sir.
The signal stops just below his cortex processor.
The signal was interrupted.
The signal was so faint our ship sensors couldn't read it from this distance.
The signals had to be transmitted within close proximity to the visor.
The signing of this treaty is an historic occasion.
The simulation begins in one hour.
The simulation could fall apart any minute.
The simulation will commence in forty eight hours.
The sisters have already been here.
The site had been practically destroyed.
The site that I wanted to study had been raided.
The situation is extremely volatile.
The situation is not good.
The situation on Garadius Four is becoming serious.
The situation's become pretty desperate for his friend.
The situation's growing progressively worse.
The skills are demanding.
The skin develops mimetic capabilities.
The skin of the ship is losing its integrity.
The slightest injury to one member demanded violent retaliation.
The slightest mispronunciation is regarded as an insult.
The slow process of their recovery has begun.
The slow rate of cellular decay.
The smell?
The smells, the sounds, the very touch of things, much more real than a dream.
The snow.
The snuff box of Wilhelm Gottsleig Siegesmann Van der Romstein.
The society is genetically integrated.
The soil appears almost completely lifeless.
The soil contains the same magnetic resonance traces That's our footprint.
The soil is dead.
The solar flares are interfering with the tractor beam, Captain.
The solar flares could have caused a malfunction in the biofilter.
The solar interference is too great.
The solar radiation is interfering.
The soldiers were resettled on Lunar Five.
The soliton emits a great deal of subspace radio interference.
The soliton wave has been initiated.
The soliton wave has closed to ten kilometres, Captain.
The soliton wave has continued to increase in power.
The solution was a shutdown and a total wipe of all affected memory.
The solution.
The solvent won't harm your, your skin.
The son betrays his people to the Romulans just as his father did, Duras?
The son of a Klingon is a man the day he can first hold a blade.
The song doesn't stops for an instant.
The sooner the better.
The soonest we could intercept?
The sophistication of this programming is remarkable.
The sound is not registering, Commander.
The sound itself appears to have been real.
The sound of this ship is quite remarkable.
The sound of your voice is beginning to anger me.
The source emission is five hundred metres east of here.
The source of the distress signal appears to be coming from up there, Captain.
The source of this, Groppler.
The source of your power and of your problems.
The south-west quarter covers over two hundred square kilometres.
The southern polar region.
The southern pole?
The spatial anomaly in the Neutral Zone, is it related to what's happening?
The spatial rupture is creating severe nucleonic interference.
The species is Zan Periculi.
The specific issues of the conflict have no relevance.
The spectre of conspiracy on a starship is a frightening one.
The speed differential was too high, Captain.
The sphere appears to be abandoned.
The spirit of that city can always enchant my soul.
The stage crew and I were going to do it tomorrow morning.
The star fix is gone.
The star has entered a period of increased activity.
The star is in sector two one four five nine.
The star is still collapsing.
The star went nova.
The star.
The starbase that he was operating from was attacked.
The starboard antimatter pod is completely drained.
The starboard nacelle has been rendered inoperable.
The starboard nacelle has sustained a direct impact.
The starboard nacelle just cut out.
The starboard nacelle sustained a direct hit.
The starboard power flow was fluctuating.
The stars are so beautiful from space.
The station he destroyed was in sector twenty one five oh five.
The station is small, and we don't often have guests.
The station was set up last year.
The station's shuttle's gone.
The status of this planet has been settled.
The stellar core fragment has passed safely out of the Moab system.
The stellar flares are increasing in magnitude and frequency.
The stone is jevonite.
The storage capsule can wait awhile.
The stories that you tell, are they true?
The stories will be told for many years, I have no doubt.
The storm has reached the perimeter.
The storm is beginning to subside, Captain.
The storm is getting worse!
The storm is going to interfere with communications.
The storm may be breaking.
The storm's interference is going to make our job harder than we thought.
The storms can occur without warning.
The storms have destroyed everything.
The storms have returned.
The storms will not return.
The story of my life.
The story of the sword is known only to the High Clerics.
The story should be over.
The strain of this mission on Sarek has made it impossible.
The strange thing is I couldn't read him at all.
The stranger was there, asleep.
The strategic attache?
The strategic decision is to send one ship.
The strategic importance of Outpost twenty three is minimal.
The strategy is built on a single premise.
The stratosphere is already breaking down.
The streak they refer to will eventually reach fifty six games.
The stress of exposure to so many minds on the ship is bad enough.
The stress on the hull would be too great.
The structure is located at the centre of the vegetation.
The structure is rhizomatous.
The structure must be here, yet we cannot see it.
The structure of the bulkhead has been altered on a subatomic level.
The structure of the glass has been altered at the atomic level.
The struggle must continue.
The stun effect from the wormhole was relatively severe.
The styrolite is intact, Captain.
The subject of this meeting is the Jaradan rendezvous.
The subroutine lets you do it from the panel.
The subroutines are pretty complicated.
The subspace distortion from the cascade should reverse the warp funnel.
The subspace field has been established.
The subspace field is established.
The subspace log can confirm that part of it at least.
The subspace signal configuration is unchanged.
The subspace signal the probe detected?
The substance, the flavour of the moment, could be lost.
The success of our mission may hang on a split-second decision.
The success rate is up to thirty seven percent.
The suit, the fancy shoes.
The sun chasing an animal?
The sun setting and the moon rising.
The supplies are ready.
The support systems are being restored.
The surface environment is safe for transport, Commander.
The surface ornamentation.
The surface settlement appears to be all but destroyed.
The surface.
The survivor has suffered a memory loss.
The survivors may have taken refuge	 here.
The sweep got him.
The sweep's nearly here.
The sword of honour.
The syllabic nucleus of the Vulcan language.
The symbol might generate anything from Korgano's temple to Korgano himself.
The symbol suggests antlers of some kind.
The symptoms haven't returned.
The synthetic lifeform.
The system automatically provides for self-correction, Captain.
The system will activate automatically as you approach the star.
The system's sun has entered a period of severe flare activity.
The systems are still subject to negotiation by the terms of the treaty.
The tachyon matrix is energised and ready to go.
The tachyon signatures will not last long.
The tank can't withstand that kind of pressure.
The target area of the photosphere is destabilising.
The target has been destroyed, Captain.
The target must be specific, sir.
The taste grows on you.
The tea.
The teacher asked you a question.
The teacher got wind of this, and she and my father had this talk with me.
The teacher said I'm faster than anybody else in my class.
The teacher said it was one of the best he'd ever heard.
The technique requires special training.
The technologies aren't always compatible.
The technology is right here.
The telurian plague.
The temperature in the tank is now one hundred fifty degrees Celsius.
The temporal energy's interfering with main power.
The temporary presence of these humans should not interfere with your plans.
The temptations of a beautiful metamorph do not easily reach me.
The tenor of this mission has changed, Mister Data, at least it has for me.
The tension level on this ship has jumped up.
The tension on the ship is very high.
The tents won't protect us.
The term artificial lifeform would be more accurate.
The term is plural.
The terms of the treaty gives them the right to survey this planet.
The terrorists are demanding a Federation negotiator.
The test is if a crew will follow where Commander Riker leads.
The test must be unannounced.
The test object is made of pure duranium.
The test of the warrior is not without, it is within.
The test procedure would not be affected.
The test results he gave me aren't two days old, they're two months old.
The test ship has successfully entered warp, sir.
The test ship is maintaining at warp two point three five, sir.
The test ship's warp field is becoming unstable.
The thalamus is normal.
The thanks should go to N'Vek.
The theatre?
The theory is simple.
The thing is, it has nothing to do with the injuries.
The third is just coming into range now, sir.
The third moon is within range of this ship's transporter, I shall go there.
The third planet of the Alpha Onias system.
The third ridge?
The thought had occurred.
The thought of being able to penetrate a star's corona.
The thought that warp engines might be doing some kind of damage.
The thought then occurred to me that I should paint smoke.
The three assassination attempts on my life.
The three of us, I mean.
The three of you will remain as needed to assist Doctor Crusher.
The tides reached ten metres on the last orbit.
The time distortion we felt.
The time for debate is over.
The time for games is over.
The time for glory is here.
The time for killing is come to an end.
The time has come to honour us in ours.
The time has not yet come.
The time is fourteen twenty seven hours.
The time portal is open.
The time shift is a gearing system I have invented for the horseless carriage.
The timing will be critical.
The timing will be crucial.
The timing would be more difficult, and the risk greater.
The title is meaningless without the power to back it up.
The tolerance levels of the interface were set extremely high.
The tongue slipped.
The tool Leda is giving him will allow him to bring out his visions.
The top is solid amber.
The top speed of this class cruiser is known to be less than ours.
The topography on this map is a little vague.
The torpedo guidance system failed.
The torpedo is not responding.
The torpedo is out of range.
The torpedoes are having no effect, sir.
The torture of heretics, the burning of witches, it's all ancient history.
The town of Deadwood may face danger once again.
The tracking station was sabotaged.
The tractor beam has been disabled.
The tractor beam has been released.
The tractor beam originated somewhere in the Prytt Alliance.
The tractor beam will not be successful.
The tractor beam.
The tractor beams have released us, sir.
The trail has led us to the former wife of a deceased smuggler.
The train has returned to normal, sir.
The train we encountered was from one of Doctor Crusher's holodeck programs.
The tranquillity you see in our lives has been made possible by our laws.
The transceiver assembly has been removed.
The transceivers.
The transfer beam is at saturation, sir.
The transfer itself is fairly simple.
The transfer of a new officer to the Enterprise?
The transfer went well?
The transfer's been complete.
The transfers in both systems were turned into this.
The translator is now offline, sir.
The transmission that we intercepted was probably a homing signal.
The transmitter is on a voice-activated security system.
The transport will be leaving for Earth.
The transporter beam is focusing on deck nine, section four.
The transporter beam originated in our cargo bay.
The transporter beam.
The transporter cannot penetrate it.
The transporter could've beamed them somewhere else.
The transporter cycle has already begun.
The transporter is not malfunctioning.
The transporter is still functioning.
The transporter is still online.
The transporter malfunction.
The transporter need not pattern your Captain into matter.
The transporter system just went dead.
The transporter trace?
The transporter's biofilter won't protect us.
The transporter's detected unidentified microbes in Commander Riker's body.
The transporter's out of the question.
The transporter.
The transporters aren't going to work any better than the scanners.
The treaty is five hundred thousand words.
The treaty is signed.
The trial never ended, Captain.
The trial never ends.
The trick is to change the evaporation point of the main ingredient.
The tricky part is what happens afterwards.
The tricorder indicated triolic activity from most of the bodies we looked at.
The tricorder is not reading any other explosive devices in this vicinity.
The tricorder is picking up high levels of EM bursts across the spectrum.
The triolic levels are as high as they were on Devidia Two.
The triolic waves end right here.
The troposphere appears to be distorting our signals.
The trouble is at the transmission source, sir.
The trouble is, he could be right.
The troublesome little man-child.
The truly evil part of this, Captain, is your jealousy.
The trust of a commanding officer is admirable.
The truth is I will kill you if I can.
The truth is a threat to you.
The truth is we don't know, yet.
The truth is, Captain, I made a mistake.
The truth is, I gave those words to this human.
The truth is, I have a debt to repay.
The truth is, I like it.
The truth is, hell, we are not ready.
The truth is, in every way that matters, she is Juliana Soong.
The truth is, you've ignored this far too long.
The truth might be devastating to her.
The truth this time.
The truth.
The tunnel schematics we have show this to be a dead end.
The tunnels on Forlat Three had strong deposits of kelbonite, yes.
The turbolifts aren't working.
The two Ornarans are really quite ill and insisting that they need felicium.
The two may be related.
The two of us roaming about the galaxy in the flagship of the Federation.
The two of you are acquainted?
The two of you are virtually identical, except for a bit of programming.
The two officers.
The two parts of the moon will have different inertial densities.
The two programs somehow temporarily linked together.
The two scientists are suffering from phaser stuns.
The two sons of Mogh.
The ugliness of the human was not an exaggeration.
The ultimate boundary.
The ultimate evolution if the martial arts.
The ultimate in weapons system technology.
The ultimate minimalist.
The uncertainty principle will not help you now, Stephen.
The underbrush is too thick.
The uniform.
The uniforms are so formal.
The unit you just put down.
The universe could be your playground.
The universe exists to me to create life.
The universe has been my back yard.
The universe is a spheroid region seven hundred and five metres in diameter.
The universe is not so badly designed.
The unknown vessel has been destroyed.
The use of gestures and hand signals pre dates the spoken word in most cultures.
The usual excuses.
The usual way, by voice-transit conductor.
The usual.
The vaccine, sir.
The vaccine.
The valley of Chula.
The variance must be no more than point zero six terawatts.
The vehicle has suffered severe damage.
The vertex waves indicate a K-complex corresponding to an REM state.
The very depth of perversion.
The very notion.
The vessel appears to be adrift.
The vessel appears to be intact.
The vessel appears undamaged, sir.
The vessel does not match the Hood's configuration or ID signal.
The vessel has altered its course to a direct intercept with the Enterprise.
The vessel has reached warp two and continues on a steady acceleration curve.
The vessel has terminated its pursuit.
The vessel is approaching, Captain.
The vessel is carrying various unstable waste products.
The vessel is entering a low orbit around Rana Four.
The vessel is firing jacketed streams of positrons and antiprotons.
The vessel is traveling at warp seven point six.
The vial of poison found in his hand.
The vial was placed in his hand after he died.
The victors invariably write the history to their own advantage.
The village will need a new chronicle.
The violence of these eruptions is awesome.
The violence?
The virus should work on non-human crewmembers in the same way.
The virus you contracted, Captain.
The visible burst is very brief.
The visor is active.
The visor or being blind?
The visor uses a subspace field pulse.
The visual transmission is still breaking up.
The voice simulation.
The voices are those of the Enterprise crew.
The voices in our heads were smooth and flowing.
The voices start up.
The vortex.
The wall you put between us.
The walls must be bare.
The war has been going on for years.
The war is far away.
The war is over.
The war lasted a long time.
The war our parents came here to escape.
The war.
The warbird Terix is responding.
The warbird doesn't look to have sustained any damage at all.
The warbird has completed its sensor sweep.
The warbird has vanished as well.
The warbird is off the port bow.
The warbird is powering up its forward disruptor array.
The warehouse.
The warmth, the attraction that I have for you.
The warp core breach has been reversed, sir.
The warp core breach.
The warp core has been badly damaged.
The warp field has collapsed, sir.
The warp programme will have to be delayed.
The warp programme will proceed as you have outlined, Mirasta.
The warp reactor core?
The warp shell is definitely having an effect, sir.
The warp-energy symposium was fascinating.
The wars are over, Yuta.
The warship carried a crew of six hundred, the supply ship, fifty.
The warship continues to match our acceleration curve perfectly.
The warship continues to match our curve simultaneously point for point.
The warship has come after us twice.
The warship is approaching from high orbit.
The warship is capable of striking us with far more powerful bursts.
The warship is three hundred thousand kilometres from the Phoenix.
The warship kept its distance every time.
The warship should overtake him, but it doesn't.
The warship, another recreation, tried to chase us away twice, and failed.
The warships are taking a standard attack posture.
The wasted cities we are still rebuilding.
The water in wood is difficult to see.
The water is very calm on Risa.
The water's clean.
The wave has been disrupted, sir.
The wave has been growing in size as well as power.
The wave has closed to one kilometre, Captain.
The wave has increased speed to warp seven point two, Captain.
The wave is about to overtake us, sir.
The wave is continuing on course for the Lemma Two colony.
The wave is directly astern at a distance of twenty three kilometres.
The wave is gaining on us.
The wave patterns are still too irregular.
The wave will be directed toward Lemma Two, about three light years distance.
The waves are even more intense within the rift.
The way I always wanted to.
The way I remember it, things went pretty smoothly.
The way Mendrossen described him, I expected to see a frail old man.
The way into our world.
The way my people communicate, it is direct.
The way other people change.
The way out of this is clear.
The way you look at me, do I remind you of someone?
The way you treat Clara.
The weaker his position, the more aggressive will be his posture.
The weapon systems?
The weapon was designed to drain the shields.
The weapons are appearing at intervals of precisely twelve minutes.
The weapons conversion, Lieutenant Burke?
The weapons were Klingon, but the vessel was Ferengi.
The weapons were not Ferengi.
The week before that, a sculptor.
The welfare of this colony would be best served by rejoining the human race.
The west wing gets awfully hot in the afternoons.
The whole northern sky turned dark.
The whole ship.
The wind does not respect a fool.
The wind has shifted.
The wind is shifting again.
The wind probably erased them.
The window is allowing intermittent sensor readings.
The wine.
The woman I saw in those logs is very complicated.
The woman you knew as Tasha Yar was my mother.
The woman, Anya, is not what she appears to be.
The women.
The word excuses implies ulterior motives for a conflict.
The word radioactive may be a warning about the dangerous nature of the metal.
The word snoop?
The word that seems to best describe him is rogue.
The word trust just isn't in your vocabulary, is it.
The word will be that you perished with your crew.
The work Lieutenant Kwan was doing, was it unusual in any way?
The work continued.
The workmen symbolise the ever present id constantly working to destroy the ego.
The wormhole appears to have been a local phenomenon.
The wormhole delivered the probe beyond the Denkiri Arm, in the Gamma Quadrant.
The wormhole will reappear in thirty seconds, sir.
The worst thing that can happen to any parent.
The wound needs a clotting agent.
The wound was not severe.
The year before that, botany.
The year, 1945 A.D.
The young people will see what it is to die as a Klingon.
The zalnias should be in bloom.
Thee and me?
Their Bridge is too badly damaged.
Their Bridge.
Their Captain, Gul Macet and two of his aides.
Their ability to abstract is highly unusual.
Their accusations may be true.
Their actions threaten the alliance.
Their advanced immune system has created an antibody that changes normal DNA.
Their advanced technology could provide no solution.
Their ancestors provided the same service to my ancestors.
Their attack on us was incidental, Captain.
Their attempt was futile because their transporter was a facsimile.
Their battleships may be on the way right now.
Their belief in their own superiority is beyond arrogance.
Their beliefs are rather brutal, but usually what kills us kills them.
Their blood will be on your hands too, just like poor Varria's.
Their bodies were never found.
Their body structure, their musculature, their minds.
Their brains grow dependent on the biochips.
Their brief appearance coincided with the anyon sweep.
Their children will be returned to them immediately.
Their collective effort is being directed into repairing this vessel.
Their communicators.
Their condition?
Their control system was badly damaged, which is probably what caused the crash.
Their corruption has poisoned the Empire.
Their course and speed remain constant.
Their course is taking them directly toward it.
Their culture.
Their customs concerning guests make it much preferable.
Their deaths must be avenged.
Their defences apparently prevent deep strikes into each other's territory.
Their disruptor capacity appears to be only two point one megajoules.
Their emotional detachment is the very core of their being.
Their emotions do not fit who they are and what they're doing.
Their engine core is overloading.
Their faith appears to be unaffected by his inability to defeat Gowron.
Their families don't even remember them.
Their fight doesn't involve us.
Their forward shields are damaged, sir.
Their forward shields are inoperative.
Their general area, sir.
Their growth rate has doubled.
Their heading has changed.
Their home was destroyed during a tornado.
Their home world is quite distant, Captain.
Their hull contains more of the compounds.
Their immune systems don't wait for a disease to attack the body.
Their instruments would lie to them.
Their intent is clear.
Their intentions are obvious, Major, and are of no concern to us.
Their interdependency.
Their laboratory can isolate what, Commander?
Their language is most unusual.
Their lead is too great, sir.
Their leader is a man who calls himself Ramsey.
Their leader refuses my counsel.
Their legs are half a metre long.
Their lie-zone levels are much lower.
Their life support systems are failing.
Their live animals were beamed aboard.
Their lives are at risk.
Their lives are in danger and they're beaming over cargo?
Their lives would be spared if she became his consort.
Their main computer is off.
Their maximum speed is warp eight point seven.
Their minds are glacial.
Their minds are so open.
Their new weapon.
Their only wish, an exchange of knowledge.
Their particle beam emitters are inoperative, sir.
Their phaser banks are not armed.
Their phasers, sir, set on kill.
Their physical condition is good enough, considering the circumstances.
Their physiology is unusual.
Their power grid is still functioning.
Their power interlocks won't disengage.
Their primary life support has failed, sir.
Their priorities seem to have changed.
Their probe could have exited the wormhole at a completely different location.
Their raids have made this sector unsafe.
Their range of influence appears to be concentrated in the Medical Lab, Captain.
Their ranks are growing.
Their reactor core is unstable, Captain.
Their reason is part of their binary thinking.
Their research was evaluated by the Federation Science Council a few years ago.
Their resources are limited.
Their rights and privileges in our society have been defined.
Their rubber band broke, right?
Their sacrifice is thus noted in this scientist's log.
Their safety is my chief priority.
Their sensors can read what's going on as well as ours can.
Their sensors must picked up Orta's ship, that's all.
Their sensors should have picked us up.
Their sensors will detect the weapons lock.
Their sensors will soon locate us.
Their shields are down.
Their shields are dropping.
Their shields have collapsed.
Their shields were down.
Their ship could have been brought in by automation.
Their ship is running with a high powered subspace field.
Their speed is warp eight point seven and holding.
Their stocks were severely depressed.
Their subspace field is intact.
Their sun went supernova, sir.
Their system is absolutely incredible.
Their system's started up.
Their transmitter is failing, sir.
Their values are insane.
Their verteron pulse overloaded our field coils, Captain.
Their warp containment field must have been weak.
Their warp drive is failing.
Their warp drive must be completely inactive.
Their way of dealing with the trauma of spaceflight.
Their weapon systems are down.
Their weapon systems are fully charged.
Their weapon systems are powering up.
Their weapon systems pose no threat to the Enterprise.
Their weaponry is comparable to ours.
Their weapons systems are substantially inferior to ours.
Their whole life?
Their women.
Theirs was armed.
Thelusian flu?
Them.
Them?
Then Counsellor Troi is still alive?
Then Data would be a threat to that plan.
Then Deanna has to die.
Then Eli.
Then I am forced to attempt escape.
Then I am not ill?
Then I apologise for my premature assumption.
Then I beg you, bring her back to me.
Then I believe it's time for us to be leaving the Enterprise.
Then I can mourn.
Then I can understand why you're feeling uneasy.
Then I can't ask them to go back.
Then I choose myself.
Then I did not succeed in my efforts.
Then I don't understand why you are unwilling?
Then I expect you to conform to the guidelines I have laid out.
Then I guess adding one more charge wouldn't hurt.
Then I have another question.
Then I have enough time to back to the ship and get my saddle.
Then I have no choice.
Then I have successfully learned to dance?
Then I have the perfect solution for you.
Then I hope it will reflect favourably in your report, Captain.
Then I know you will do the right thing.
Then I mean now, Commander.
Then I met Jack.
Then I must hurry.
Then I painted the corridor.
Then I plunged it into the lake of Lusor and twisted it into this sword.
Then I realised why.
Then I realised, if I kept it up I'd be doing it the rest of my life.
Then I regret that I must order you to transport Lal aboard my ship.
Then I remembered all the good times I had with you.
Then I returned to the Enterprise.
Then I saw it again, just twenty minutes ago.
Then I saw you working the PADD with your left hand.
Then I shall appoint you my executive officer in charge of radishes.
Then I shall be required to hold a hearing.
Then I shall personally review the android's development.
Then I should have extended the sequence of events.
Then I so challenge.
Then I suggest a secured channel, Admiral.
Then I suggest you put your personal discomfort on one side, Commander.
Then I suppose I had better get a case.
Then I suppose I won't be seeing you at the pond again.
Then I suppose that's your loss.
Then I think I'm sleeping all night.
Then I thought about my father.
Then I volunteer, sir.
Then I volunteer.
Then I want to take another look at the body.
Then I was with Counsellor Troi, then Commander La Forge came in.
Then I wasn't just hearing things?
Then I will be forced to remove you by whatever means are necessary.
Then I will be ready for Gowron.
Then I will be unable to help you.
Then I will be your eyes.
Then I will delete the appropriate programme.
Then I will desist.
Then I will do it myself.
Then I will first have to run some crosschecks on the library computer.
Then I will have you as my Number Two.
Then I will leave.
Then I will need your help in creating the proper setting.
Then I will never know.
Then I will order one of my officers to stand watch.
Then I will put this compound into the well water.
Then I will rule summarily based upon my findings.
Then I will take you to the corridor.
Then I wish you and your people well.
Then I woke up.
Then I won't die?
Then I won't keep you.
Then I won't use telepathy.
Then I would ask you to stand with me.
Then I would propose doing a memory probe of Counsellor Troi.
Then I would've known she wasn't a Q.
Then I'd say we have a problem.
Then I'll be irrational.
Then I'll find someone to replace you.
Then I'll have to go down there alone, undercover.
Then I'll just have to muddle through.
Then I'll just say congratulations for now, Deanna.
Then I'll operate the transporter controls myself.
Then I'll take a shuttlecraft and retrieve it.
Then I'm going to check out one of the holosuites.
Then I'm in good company, sir.
Then I'm not sure that there's much that we can do.
Then I'm staying here.
Then I'm sure you'll be motivated to listen to me very, very carefully.
Then I'm sure you're ready to talk.
Then I've delayed a mission, frightened a lot of people including myself.
Then Ian was right.
Then Kahless said, 'You are Klingons.
Then Kyle.
Then Masaka is your queen?
Then Okona does have the jewel.
Then T'Jon, and Romas, indeed everyone on their world?
Then Walker tried, and he's dead.
Then a bigger one.
Then a cloud of chromal vapour carries you into a meditation chamber.
Then a name, or a place.
Then a trade, Groppler?
Then again, you could've been built just for this ship.
Then all six of you, get on the transporter platform.
Then all we've done is made things worse.
Then are you implying an intentional assault?
Then as soon as it's done, we should get it over to the shuttle immediately.
Then ask me one I can answer.
Then ask me.
Then at least we would be able to present our case.
Then be left alone until I'm needed.
Then beam Doctor Clark aboard by himself.
Then by keeping Palmer safe, we will please the Picard.
Then can we leave?
Then change the treaty.
Then come visit us, Captain, and we will return her to you.
Then devise one, fast!
Then die by your own weapon!
Then die in ignorance.
Then do as I asked.
Then do not speak of this again!
Then do so, and let the Bridge know that all is well down here.
Then do so.
Then don't farm.
Then don't stand up.
Then don't.
Then either way, his memory would have been erased.
Then explain the fractured ribs, concussion, the broken arm.
Then find it.
Then find others.
Then find someone who does, someone who knows something about warp bubbles.
Then force it must be.
Then formulate this one.
Then fulfill that oath and serve this ship as you swore to.
Then get unstuck and continue with the briefing.
Then give it to him.
Then give me time to find it.
Then go to her door.
Then go.
Then he couldn't have travelled very far.
Then he found out what the Academy entrance requirements were like.
Then he has?
Then he injects someone, perhaps even without their knowledge.
Then he is but the first to fall, Picard.
Then he is questioning my ability as a parent.
Then he just collapsed.
Then he must be hurt or dead.
Then he should be behaving very much better, don't you think?
Then he values your advice.
Then he will be treated as a terrorist.
Then he wishes to relocate us?
Then he would be here.
Then he'd have to be relieved of command.
Then he's still in Cardassian space?
Then help him to see the reality of what may happen to his colony.
Then help me to avoid it.
Then help me, please.
Then her safety must be very important to you.
Then here you die.
Then how can he turn his back on them so easily?
Then how come you're sitting in that chair instead of me?
Then how could it have trapped Doctor Quaice or the others?
Then how did she get it?
Then how do we destroy their habitat?
Then how do you account for it?
Then how do you explain what we've seen here?
Then how do you know?
Then how is it able to move?
Then how was I brought back to life?
Then if there's nothing else, I will return to my ship.
Then if we can learn nothing from you, we'll leave.
Then in what way is it different?
Then it falls to Kurn.
Then it goes after Dirgo and envelopes him.
Then it is a signal from Commander Riker.
Then it is alright for you to die, because I will remain alive.
Then it is better not to trust.
Then it is larger in the past.
Then it is not confined to the planetoid?
Then it is perfect timing, Doctor.
Then it is possible these two very disparate incidents could be related.
Then it is up to women to attract the men.
Then it is war that we're talking about, isn't it?
Then it must have been intercepted before it reached me.
Then it occurred to me.
Then it remains to see if he has the support of the law.
Then it seems that the discussion is over.
Then it seems you have more knowledge of the situation than I.
Then it touched my hand and it began to mimic my cellular structure.
Then it was a pair of creatures I was sensing.
Then it was a test.
Then it was constructed by someone?
Then it was more than just a point of honour.
Then it wasn't a dream.
Then it went on long enough to become a custom, a tradition.
Then it's going to be a very unique experience.
Then it's going to be difficult to accommodate you.
Then it's my job to see nothing goes wrong.
Then it's not yet certain.
Then it's over.
Then it's possible they may have changed over the years.
Then it's possible.
Then it's revenge he's after.
Then it's time for me to go.
Then it's your testimony that it was Mrs.
Then leave me alone.
Then let her do it, and feel free to do yours.
Then let me explain.
Then let me offer an alternative.
Then let us both find a way to stop it from going any further.
Then let us go see the Commander.
Then let us hope they do not believe their survival is at stake.
Then let us meet with the men from Odin one last time.
Then let's get started.
Then let's get to it.
Then let's proceed.
Then let's set it and get going.
Then let's start at the beginning.
Then listen to this.
Then look what I've done to him.
Then look.
Then make it so.
Then may I ask another question after this one?
Then may I seek your counsel about my plan to make the R'uustai with the boy.
Then may I suggest a swim to be followed by a massage?
Then maybe I did take the phaser.
Then maybe it is Symbalene blood burn.
Then maybe it's a secret admirer.
Then maybe it's time you found other responsibilities.
Then maybe you should consider this.
Then maybe you'll sit down and have a rest like you're supposed to.
Then my doppelganger caused no serious damage?
Then my work with him is done.
Then no one breaks that rule.
Then none is perceived.
Then one night I was dragged from my bed and beaten.
Then open again into an ordinary corridor.
Then our business with you is concluded.
Then our home is gone.
Then our investigation was worthwhile, sir.
Then perhaps it is time that we took a closer look at Mister Data's dreams.
Then perhaps it's time for your own vision quest to begin.
Then perhaps our crew has survived.
Then perhaps there is a way I can access the machine, Doctor.
Then perhaps there is hope.
Then perhaps we should begin our meal.
Then perhaps we'll meet again some day, Madam.
Then perhaps we'll meet again.
Then perhaps you and I can find a way to create a diversion.
Then perhaps you could spend the time exploring another interests.
Then perhaps you don't know as much as you thought.
Then perhaps you would do me the pleasure of getting this ship underway.
Then perhaps you would share them with me, Ensign.
Then please, leave us alone.
Then proceed.
Then release the prisoner for transportation to the planet.
Then report to Mister Riker.
Then return to your station.
Then revealing yourselves was an accident.
Then reversing power leads, back through the force activator.
Then run an analysis of this subspace distortion they used to escape.
Then run it for us, dear.
Then send in your own probe, Goss.
Then sending them back would be a death sentence.
Then set course for Sarona Eight.
Then shall we continue with our mission?
Then she died.
Then she has done us both a disservice.
Then she is alive.
Then she is not a true telepath?
Then she must have destroyed all the weapons on the planet.
Then should we try to keep her asleep?
Then sit and wait.
Then some more wine.
Then stay here and die.
Then stay here.
Then step aside.
Then take me with you.
Then take me.
Then take us out of orbit, Number One.
Then take us to the outer cometary cloud, Commander.
Then take your best shot, Locutus, because we're about to intervene.
Then tell me why Kushell of the planet Straleb is demanding the same thing?
Then that is how it shall be.
Then that is what you will have to do.
Then that is where I will wait.
Then that would explain the explosion and the chroniton fields.
Then that would explain why they abandoned it.
Then that would mean we're not dead.
Then that would suggest the Gatherers.
Then that's it.
Then the Drake has not been destroyed.
Then the Romulans came.
Then the Romulans could still be in the vicinity.
Then the Sheliak are asking us to chase ghosts.
Then the Sheliak must agree to extend our deadline.
Then the Uthat actually exists?
Then the aging process accelerates.
Then the execution will proceed as scheduled.
Then the hostages will die.
Then the initial encounter was solely for the purpose of gathering information.
Then the only alternative would be a stalemate.
Then the remains we found must be those of Lieutenant Rocha.
Then the reputation means nothing.
Then the ship disappeared without a trace.
Then the wall grew up between us.
Then there are no options.
Then there has been some memory loss.
Then there is someone on board who isn't what he or she seems to be.
Then there was never a problem with the Enterprise.
Then there was the concert in Ten Forward.
Then there's Ghorusda.
Then there's Will.
Then there's no need for worry.
Then there's not much time to waste.
Then they are fools, for we will.
Then they are fools.
Then they asked you to keep secrets from your superiors.
Then they beamed over.
Then they can't communicate with their man either.
Then they hurl heavy objects.
Then they must be from worlds outside the Federation.
Then they return to trying to locate each other by the noise.
Then they won't let them go easily.
Then they would follow the beam like a trail of breadcrumbs.
Then they would learn nothing.
Then they'll be able to tell what's going on.
Then they're gone.
Then this endeavour dies here, in this room.
Then this moon is a penal colony.
Then this night had no meaning.
Then this should work out fine.
Then this very spot was your birthplace.
Then to burn the midnight oil implies late work?
Then trust me now.
Then try something else.
Then try working on a theory as to what caused this rupture.
Then two hundred years ago, Ornara was stricken by a devastating plague.
Then under no circumstances will I allow your ship to leave our territory.
Then we await the arrival of the Klingon ship P'rang.
Then we become irritable, paranoid.
Then we can continue our mission without significant interruption.
Then we can throw away the visor?
Then we can't delay any longer.
Then we could direct it through the asteroid belt from a safe distance.
Then we could track the men from up here.
Then we deactivated you and programmed you with the colonists' logs.
Then we fired back, destroyed them.
Then we found this world.
Then we have abandoned all hope of recovering him.
Then we have no alternative but to concur with his wishes.
Then we have no way to track him.
Then we have nothing more to say to one another.
Then we have one thing in common.
Then we have to make a preemptive strike.
Then we know everything about them.
Then we may have to do as Liko suggests.
Then we must finish configuring the unit and inject the plasma immediately.
Then we need to shut down the particle fountain.
Then we should go find her.
Then we should let him try it?
Then we should locate a pregnant humanoid.
Then we should meet him here.
Then we will have to find someone too whom she will listen.
Then we will leave them be.
Then we will offer him our support.
Then we will start a new life.
Then we'll be together, always.
Then we'll have to take it ourselves.
Then we'll have to try a remote shutdown from here.
Then we'll just have to fix the power grid.
Then we'll look like the aggressors.
Then we'll never get out.
Then we'll perform the procedure right here.
Then we'll search them again.
Then we'll send in Tallera and the landing party to secure the relics.
Then we'll simply beam them down.
Then we'll talk.
Then we're agreed.
Then we're going to have to go beyond tolerance.
Then we're going to have to go somewhere with an awful lot of people.
Then we're too late.
Then we've found a way to repel the infection.
Then what about artificial ones?
Then what are they?
Then what are you proposing, Worf?
Then what are you suggesting?
Then what did you want to see me about?
Then what do you believe I am?
Then what does he want?
Then what does that leave us?
Then what happened to the Captain and Doctor Crusher?
Then what if we re-connect their command pathways and we give them a choice?
Then what is bothering you?
Then what is feeding the damn thing?
Then what is it you want?
Then what is it?
Then what is the purpose of your journey?
Then what is this I hear about an anbo-jyutsu match with Will?
Then what scared her?
Then what was Geordi repairing?
Then what was the cause of death?
Then what was the foremost archaeologist in the Federation doing here?
Then what will happen to us?
Then what would happen if the Enterprise C were to fly back through it?
Then what would make him change his mind?
Then what would you say if I were to tell you that she has no powers whatsoever?
Then what's causing it to move?
Then what's going on here.
Then what's the challenge?
Then what's this about?
Then where are they?
Then where did the sound come from?
Then who did?
Then who gets the chairs?
Then who is it?
Then who will they follow?
Then whoever did this must have been specially trained for the task.
Then whoever used the transporter must have bypassed the primary feeds.
Then whose?
Then why am I here?
Then why am I the only crew member?
Then why are they friends?
Then why are they so desperate for the felicium?
Then why are you acting so excited?
Then why are you annoyed?
Then why are you compelled to disobey my orders?
Then why are you helping Sovereign Marouk to change all that?
Then why are you here?
Then why are you stabilizing the EPS conduit?
Then why are you still sitting here?
Then why can't I see him?
Then why did he risk bringing me here?
Then why did it attack you more quickly than Doctor Kingsley?
Then why did you accept this assignment?
Then why did you come in?
Then why did you kidnap me?
Then why did you never attempt to contact me?
Then why didn't you let him die?
Then why do these show a full day's growth?
Then why do we wait?
Then why do you invade my privacy?
Then why do you need more phasers?
Then why do you still try to emulate humans?
Then why do you want to see her medical records?
Then why does he work alone?
Then why don't we just threaten its survival again and see what happens?
Then why don't you go and talk to him.
Then why don't you just listen?
Then why don't you just take your ships across?
Then why haven't I heard from you?
Then why must Sakkath help to contain your emotions?
Then why not rely strictly on the facts?
Then why not start with the dilithium chamber.
Then why this marvellous gift?
Then why won't you play with me?
Then why?
Then work with Mister La Forge to find a way to break through it.
Then you aided a criminal.
Then you also know that Worf's life is at stake.
Then you and Casey get up here.
Then you and Doctor Crusher can begin the inspection.
Then you are denying involvement in illegal mining activities?
Then you are human?
Then you are in violation.
Then you are not an historian.
Then you are saying that the accident was Cadet Albert's fault?
Then you are trying to outperform the Intrepid.
Then you became a member of their crew?
Then you believe I should?
Then you believe me?
Then you believe they may be telling the truth?
Then you can go over the wall and hide in the jungle.
Then you can help me.
Then you can identify this object, Mister Picard.
Then you can offer no reason why they are set on this provocative course?
Then you can tell us about what's brought you here.
Then you condemn us to death!
Then you confirm the accuracy of the log report.
Then you definitely should fix it.
Then you die on the table, and we spend eternity together.
Then you do believe Kahless may have supernatural attributes?
Then you do not believe I should pursue this any further.
Then you do not believe she should know the truth?
Then you do not yet understand what it is to be Klingon.
Then you do understand.
Then you don't know what's going to happen next?
Then you have beaten him.
Then you have harnessed a dynamic energy source.
Then you have no idea who might have done this.
Then you have sacrificed too much for your career.
Then you have the advantage.
Then you just have to kill him.
Then you know I am correct.
Then you know the Ferengi are not to be trifled with.
Then you made it possible for Lore to dominate us.
Then you may also inform him about us.
Then you may go, Doctor Beverly.
Then you may have brought it aboard this ship.
Then you must be my uncle Rene.
Then you must be ready to fight.
Then you must be the William T.
Then you must decide which is your greater obligation.
Then you must have been far more interesting.
Then you must have the capability of affecting memory.
Then you must murder me, Captain.
Then you must object to me personally.
Then you must unconditionally surrender.
Then you must've done Titan's Turn.
Then you never told her the truth?
Then you pay the price.
Then you prefer having more emotions?
Then you say mark.
Then you shall have it.
Then you shall have no treaty, no vaccine, and no Lieutenant Yar!
Then you shall not.
Then you should have considered that before you beamed them on board.
Then you should not have opposed Gowron.
Then you think that I?
Then you touched her!
Then you understand.
Then you want me to stay.
Then you were willing to help each other.
Then you will be theirs.
Then you will die for him.
Then you will have to find evidence some way other than an autopsy.
Then you will have to open it for me.
Then you will not give us the means to find his precise location?
Then you will play for the honour of your ship.
Then you will show me, Hagon.
Then you won't forget me.
Then you would have killed all of us.
Then you'd better get to it, Geordi.
Then you'll also enjoy this.
Then you'll marry Okona.
Then you'll take care of that security thing?
Then you're a fool.
Then you're aware that we have no hostile interaction.
Then you're convinced it is the Borg?
Then you're early.
Then you're just the person I need to talk to, clear something up.
Then you're married.
Then you're not disappointed?
Then you've come to hear me beg for my life?
Then your answer is no.
Then your friend is in trouble.
Then your god is unfair.
Then your orders will be to remove them by whatever means are necessary.
Then your ship appeared.
Then your theory's correct.
Then, Ensign Crusher, set course for the Epsilon Sector, warp five.
Then, Mister Crusher, engage.
Then, Professor, you will cease to exist.
Then, are women considered more superior, or are men?
Then, as Captain of the starship Enterprise, I ask you not to make that sound.
Then, brother, we are free.
Then, here.
Then, it was an accident?
Then, it's a race?
Then, it's mine too.
Then, out of fear, motivated only by self-protection, strangled him.
Then, perhaps it's still alive.
Then, sir, may I ask you to explain this.
Then, sir, the courtesy of seeing Lieutenant Yar.
Then, thank you for your time and effort.
Then, this will be just fine.
Then, we close the door, repressurise the bay.
Then, we take over.
Then, welcome aboard, Doctor.
Then, what is it?
Then, why would he do it?
Then, will one of you return with me to our vessel?
Then, you gently spoon the ice cream around the sides, like you're sculpting it.
Then, you have the advantage.
Theoretical propulsion logs, Federation Starship Enterprise, Galaxy class.
Theoretically it is possible, sir.
Theoretically not possible from this substance.
Theoretically, I should be able to challenge him indefinitely.
Theoretically, it should work with just a few adjustments.
Theoretically, sir, it should work.
Theories, reports, but nothing first-hand.
Theorise, Mister Data.
Theory!
Therapists are always the worst patients.
There I can beam up some living pattern, perhaps a large tree.
There ain't no why not about it.
There also appears to be a class-M atmosphere clinging to the interior surface.
There appears to be a command path discontinuity.
There appears to be an energy fluctuation in my neural net.
There appears to be an unusual power drain in the EPS distribution net.
There appears to be no immediate threat to our ship or the crew.
There appears to be no rational explanation for my experience.
There appears to be some kind of a slick blocking our path.
There are Chalnoth who would kill me if they could.
There are a few hours until we arrive.
There are a few on this ship that would find you tame.
There are a great deal of fluctuations.
There are a lot easier ways to poison a water supply.
There are a lot of people still alive.
There are a lot of things you don't know about me.
There are a lot of young hotshots like Shelby on their way up.
There are also similarities to Dewan and Iccobar.
There are also times when a people sacrificed too much.
There are always options.
There are approximately four hundred fifty Ferengi on board.
There are approximately one thousand voices overlapping.
There are aspects to Riva of which we have not been informed.
There are at least a dozen of us here, maybe more.
There are at least a dozen others who are ready to go with me.
There are basic definitions for organic life.
There are blind tunnels and dead ends that don't even show up on this map.
There are constant border disputes in that sector.
There are crewmembers in the corridors and other sections of the ship.
There are dangerous animals here.
There are definitely survivors.
There are differences in the way that my people make love.
There are doctors on Rutia.
There are dozens of Bajoran camps on the three class-M planets.
There are drugs in your system, but they've nearly dissipated.
There are far greater experts on Earth to investigate your mystery.
There are five lights.
There are five more just like them.
There are five thousand forty seven classifications of tables on file.
There are fluctuations in several warp transfer conduits.
There are force fields blocking our access to the holodeck.
There are four lights!
There are four survivors from the ship you call Odin.
There are generations of distrust to overcome.
There are groups in every populated area.
There are guards out there.
There are high levels of cholic acid here.
There are hundreds, perhaps thousands of these fragments inside.
There are hydrogen-carbon helix patterns throughout.
There are inherent, inborn forces in every species.
There are items her gathered from half the galaxy.
There are life signs.
There are lifeforms here.
There are lots of other people here.
There are many advantages.
There are many fascinating experiences I wish to share with you.
There are many fascinating records of Menthar battle strategy.
There are many levels of autonomy.
There are many life forms possessed of mega strength.
There are many more.
There are many opinions.
There are many opportunities for you in the Empire.
There are many parts of my youth that I'm not proud of.
There are many possibilities.
There are many possible explanations.
There are many predators.
There are many radical factions involved in this dispute.
There are many role models for me to emulate.
There are many things I have forgotten.
There are many things about her species we can't easily explained.
There are many things of importance.
There are many things that she can learn only from me.
There are meson and lepton fluctuations.
There are methods of treatment.
There are millions of people who transport safely every day without a problem.
There are more crew members in the beam.
There are new theories that would take others a decade to test and confirm.
There are no Borg energy signatures.
There are no Ferengi vessels within range of our scanners.
There are no M-class planets.
There are no birth records with that name.
There are no civilians among the Borg.
There are no dissidents, are there?
There are no guarantees here, sir.
There are no handholds in the rock face.
There are no human life signs.
There are no identifiable armaments.
There are no indications of life on this planet.
There are no indications of where it came from or how it got out here.
There are no known practical applications of this theory.
There are no life sign readings.
There are no life signs in the immediate area.
There are no life signs.
There are no local authorities.
There are no malfunctions.
There are no more Tralestas.
There are no more challengers.
There are no natural trace elements present in these tricyanate crystals.
There are no old warriors.
There are no options.
There are no other emotions.
There are no other life forms are present in this system.
There are no other logical solutions!
There are no other voices.
There are no others like me.
There are no others on board.
There are no physiological anomalies.
There are no records of any blame against you.
There are no records of any negative thoughts about you.
There are no reports of any damage to the Enterprise.
There are no rules.
There are no species aboard the Enterprise that shed their skin in this fashion.
There are no stars or other stellar bodies listed on our navigational charts.
There are no technologically advanced cultures in that system now.
There are no terms.
There are none of our security officers on the Bridge.
There are none, sir.
There are not many to question.
There are now over nine hundred missing.
There are officers who wait years to serve on this ship.
There are one hundred and fourteen people on the Enterprise.
There are one hundred and three members of the science team on Ligos Seven.
There are only a few dilithium fragments left in the holding clamps.
There are only about twelve ships within a day's travel of this position.
There are only fourteen gilvos left on Corvan Two.
There are only six of us left.
There are only so many ways to Ten Forward.
There are only two Soong-type androids in existence.
There are other Bajorans in Starfleet.
There are other options.
There are other places, other challenges.
There are others in the cosmos who truly despise me.
There are others missing?
There are others who believe he is an imposter.
There are over a thousand lifeforms on this vessel.
There are over a thousand people on board.
There are over three hundred people on board the Hera, Data.
There are people on board.
There are physicians on this planet.
There are plenty of other tables, right?
There are questions I can answer.
There are questions that only Alkar can answer.
There are risks, the designers told us, But it works.
There are roughly two hundred people down here.
There are screams, then silence.
There are security force fields protecting us, Captain.
There are sensor buoys all along the border.
There are seven independent safety interlocks to prevent that.
There are several unusual things about your case, Mister Jakara.
There are severe fluctuations in the isocortex.
There are signs of it being constructed in a hurry as if to hide something here.
There are six life forms aboard the freighter, sir.
There are slots along the wall, kind of like compartments.
There are so many difficulties.
There are so many questions we don't have answers to.
There are some ancient ruins that are just being excavated.
There are some details to be added, of course.
There are some details to iron out.
There are some members of the High Council who would thank you, Worf.
There are some missing pieces to this puzzle.
There are some residual traces.
There are some species whose sole purpose is to reproduce.
There are some subterranean caves there.
There are some things I can't fix.
There are some things I need to do.
There are some who believe he betrayed your people to the Romulans.
There are still forty minutes before the Ferengi beam over.
There are still many human emotions I do not fully comprehend.
There are still no life form readings coming from the vessel.
There are still risks.
There are strange things happening on this ship, O'Brien.
There are submicron fractures in the metal casing.
There are the stories of the Overseer who could appear and disappear at will.
There are things we do not understand, yet they exist nonetheless.
There are thirteen colonies with minimal defences in that sector.
There are those who crave war, who need it.
There are thousands of people in the area.
There are three Romulans, all of them with disruptors.
There are three moving indicators.
There are three other stations in this sector we have to visit.
There are three starships in orbit.
There are times for diplomacy.
There are times, sir, when men of good conscience cannot blindly follow orders.
There are too many of them.
There are too many people involved.
There are turbulent radiation storms across much of its surface.
There are twenty two non-medical agents.
There are two Borg in each.
There are two crewmembers unaccounted for.
There are two disparate personalities within Lieutenant Commander Data.
There are two others.
There are two possible destinations.
There are very few individuals on board who could have broken my wrist.
There are violent disruptions in the atmosphere.
There are worse things a person can do than kill a Cardassian soldier.
There are.
There aren't any exits to the surface.
There aren't any others.
There aren't any tech manuals.
There aren't any.
There can be only one explanation.
There can be only one reason.
There can only be one Captain.
There cannot be many non-Camorites among them.
There comes a time in a man's life that you cannot know.
There could be a boarding party somewhere on the ship.
There could be another bomb.
There could be chaos.
There could be hundreds of possible combinations.
There could be thousands of lives at stake.
There could not be a worse compromise of our fundamental principles.
There do not appear to be any unusual readings.
There do not seem to be enough waiters on duty.
There do seem to be some variations on the quantum level.
There does appear to be a recurring motif.
There does not appear to be a temporal discrepancy.
There doesn't appear to be a base.
There doesn't seem to be a Klingon word for jolly.
There doesn't seem to be a way around.
There doesn't seem to be any significant damage.
There goes the other shoe.
There has been a certain amount of tension between us in the past.
There has been a malfunction in the ship's environmental control.
There has been a malfunction in the ship's main deflector.
There has been an accident on the holodeck, sir.
There has been an accident.
There has been an armed intrusion in the tunnels beneath the city.
There has been an unauthorized access into the computer's bio-imaging systems.
There has been no predetermined limit placed on my existence, Doctor.
There has never been an Age of Makto.
There has to be a breaking point.
There has to be a connection.
There has to be a way to deactivate it, sir.
There has to be an explanation.
There has to be something between the camera light and this wall.
There has to be water in here.
There has to be!
There has to be.
There hasn't been a Daedalus class in service for what?
There hasn't been a case of that in over fifty years.
There hasn't been a true case of it in my husband's lifetime.
There hasn't been an Emperor in three centuries!
There hasn't been an earthquake here in thirty years.
There have been changes.
There have been five Federation ships with that name.
There have been instances when having an empath along has been helpful.
There have been no communications from the colony for over twelve hours.
There have been no other Klingons to lead you to that knowledge.
There have been others in the past who doubted me.
There have been reports of random violence all over the ship.
There have been reports of warp bubbles and other subspace deformations.
There have been similar incidents reported all over the ship.
There have been so many sacrifices by so many good people.
There have been some, did he say low intensity?
There have been two rebel attacks on neutral freighters.
There he is, Commander.
There he is.
There is a Starfleet base on Draken Four.
There is a braking lever in the engine room.
There is a bright side, Geordi.
There is a certain degree of random fortune involved.
There is a class four pulsar three light years from the nebula.
There is a difference between a counsellor and an investigator.
There is a difference.
There is a female voice asking if we want room service.
There is a force field at your location.
There is a foreign organism in his body.
There is a full contingent of security at all shuttlebays.
There is a giant protostar here in the process of forming.
There is a good chance that our competition may be here before us.
There is a good chance we can find it.
There is a great deal of electromagnetic interference.
There is a high degree of probability that you are correct.
There is a high risk of overload.
There is a hull breach in that section.
There is a large chamber twenty metres ahead.
There is a loneliness inherent in that whisper from the darkness.
There is a malfunction in this station.
There is a new Proconsul in the Romulan Senate.
There is a physical, measurable phenomenon at work here.
There is a place far from here where there are no storms.
There is a plan in work.
There is a possibility that it's part of his natural healing process.
There is a possibility that the boy is my son.
There is a presence.
There is a price.
There is a problem with this ship, Mister Data.
There is a programming malfunction.
There is a single orifice where a humanoid forehead would ordinarily be.
There is a situation that's developed on the Cardassian border that.
There is a solution.
There is a spiced parthas dish.
There is a structure of some kind.
There is a substance within my cells which you need to survive.
There is a temporal correlation.
There is a thriving colony on that planet.
There is a treaty between our peoples.
There is a very thin layer of highly saline water under the sandy top soil.
There is a warp core breach in progress.
There is a way out of every box, there is a solution to every puzzle.
There is a way.
There is a woman, the Countess Regina Bartholomew.
There is adequate oxygen for life support, Commander.
There is always a chance.
There is always an option.
There is always danger from one who is not your kind.
There is an M-class planet in this system.
There is an alternative, Tomolak.
There is an answer, Jean-Luc, but I can't hand it to you.
There is an antique revolving door.
There is an emergency message from Commander Riker.
There is an energy build up in their phaser banks.
There is an energy fluctuation in one of the utility access corridors.
There is an energy source in the mountains of the smaller continent.
There is an epidemic of violent incidents aboard the Enterprise.
There is an incoming message on subspace for Doctor Brahms.
There is an urgent matter we must discuss, Captain.
There is another side to that story.
There is another temporal disturbance directly behind us.
There is another way, Captain.
There is another word that describes it.
There is but a single sleeping space.
There is certainly a tragic aspect to the character.
There is distortion within the comet's inner core.
There is evidence of machinery, but it does not appear to be in use.
There is far too little debris to account for an entire shuttlecraft.
There is grave danger to the crew on Vagra Two.
There is insufficient data to make such an assessment, sir.
There is insufficient data to reconstruct the requested object.
There is insufficient evidence to do so.
There is intermittent contact in the input polarisers.
There is knowledge but no consciousness.
There is life on board, but it's fading.
There is limited information, but I will prepare something.
There is magnetic field interference emanating from the core materials.
There is more, sir.
There is more.
There is much about us you do not know.
There is much to be done.
There is much to learn.
There is much you were never taught.
There is no Doctor Hill or Doctor Selar aboard the Enterprise.
There is no Tau Alpha C listed on current star maps.
There is no activity.
There is no artificial power source on the planet.
There is no basis for calling Crewman Tarses a liar.
There is no cause for alarm.
There is no cause for concern.
There is no change in the graviton field.
There is no computer record of any such vessel, sir.
There is no cure.
There is no defence, sir.
There is no defence.
There is no delay.
There is no delta shift yet, sir.
There is no doctor currently serving in Starfleet named Quaice.
There is no engine activity at all, sir.
There is no engineering section.
There is no established protocol for a meeting of this nature.
There is no evidence of an advanced communication network.
There is no evidence of neural or circulatory systems.
There is no evidence that it responds differently to higher settings.
There is no evidence that the quakes pose any kind of threat.
There is no evidence yet of humans.
There is no formula on record.
There is no further danger to the planet.
There is no further indication of the anomaly.
There is no further indication of triolic activity.
There is no future here.
There is no greater challenge than the study of philosophy.
There is no guarantee that Wesley will be reassigned to the Enterprise.
There is no honour in attacking the weak.
There is no honour in remaining prisoners.
There is no immediate threat.
There is no independent brain function.
There is no indication at all of the electropathic residual.
There is no indication of anything near the ship.
There is no indication of life.
There is no indication of the shuttle within range of our sensors.
There is no indication, Commander.
There is no known cure, and there are no cases where it has gone into remission.
There is no known treatment.
There is no life here.
There is no limit.
There is no log entry from the Shuttlecraft Curie for that stardate.
There is no malfunction in any of the main systems, sir.
There is no more.
There is no mystery, Deanna, except about this Petrokian sausage.
There is no need for an apology.
There is no need for apprehension.
There is no need for concern.
There is no need for further violence.
There is no need to apologise.
There is no need to make threats.
There is no need to worry.
There is no nilizene on the Enterprise.
There is no nitrium present in the affected stabiliser or replicator.
There is no object in the programme which could generate the shadow.
There is no one aboard it.
There is no one else here.
There is no one on board.
There is no one there to fix the problem.
There is no one there.
There is no other suitable location.
There is no other way now.
There is no place for me in a civilised society.
There is no point in trying to mislead us, Captain.
There is no police record.
There is no pressure.
There is no profit in this for us.
There is no question about it, sir.
There is no question who must live and what must die.
There is no reason for panic.
There is no reason to believe that anyone is alive in Engineering.
There is no reason.
There is no record because we have not visited you before.
There is no response from any manned station.
There is no response on any channel, sir.
There is no room in my heart for shame.
There is no secret.
There is no sign of Tin Man or the Romulans, sir.
There is no sign of any similar creatures, or any unusual interphasic activity.
There is no sign of the freighter, sir.
There is no significant difference.
There is no specific bridge, no command centre.
There is no specific place I wish to go.
There is no such device on file.
There is no such person.
There is no technology to block telepathic transmissions, Doctor.
There is no time for this!
There is no time to explain everything.
There is no time.
There is no trace of the parasite which took control of him.
There is no translation.
There is no trick.
There is no unusual activity in the Nelvana System, sir.
There is no way I could harm any of you.
There is no way anyone can prevent it, sir.
There is no way in hell that he would assist the Borg.
There is no way to counter the Paxans' technology.
There is no way to explain it.
There is no way to gain access to the main Bridge or control centres.
There is no way to precisely calculate that, Commander, but it is likely.
There is no way to tell.
There is no way you could have prevented it.
There is none present in the residue, either.
There is none.
There is not enough information upon which to base a hypothesis.
There is nothing I can do.
There is nothing dishonourable about him.
There is nothing else to say.
There is nothing for us to return to.
There is nothing here for me.
There is nothing here of relevance.
There is nothing left but dry bones and dead friends.
There is nothing more important than this, son.
There is nothing to be nervous about.
There is nothing to do now but hold this position and wait.
There is nothing to find.
There is nothing to indicate former occupancy by even a primitive culture, sir.
There is nothing to understand.
There is nothing to worry about.
There is nothing unusual going on in the Devron system.
There is nothing wrong with Captain Picard or the ship's logs.
There is nothing wrong with my memory.
There is nothing wrong with the ship's sensors.
There is nothing wrong with the transporter.
There is nothing you could have touched that would have damaged your ship.
There is one more trailing us, Captain.
There is one other option I'd like you to consider.
There is one other recommendation I'd like to make, Commander.
There is one person on board.
There is one possibility.
There is one thing I'd like to do first.
There is one.
There is only one Juliana mentioned in them.
There is only one man can stand against Molor.
There is only one response.
There is proof of this?
There is someone alive here.
There is someone alive, but he didn't kill these people.
There is someone who may be able to help, but I can't reach him.
There is something I thought you should know.
There is something I want you to see.
There is something else to keep in mind.
There is something going on here.
There is something of us in each of you, and so, something of you in each other.
There is something that I want to tell you.
There is something to be learned when you're not in control of every situation.
There is something to be said for a more scientific approach.
There is something very important I want to discuss with you.
There is something wrong with one of the antimatter containment units.
There is still much that we need to understand about what has happened to you.
There is still no response to our hails, sir.
There is the Klingon outpost on Maranga Four.
There is the option.
There is the theory of the moebius.
There is thermal damage to the hull.
There is your killer, Inspector.
There is, of course, an alternative.
There isn't a man among us who hasn't been young enough to make one.
There isn't a piano.
There isn't any anaerobic bacteria.
There isn't any need to be concerned, Captain.
There isn't much time left.
There isn't much time.
There isn't time.
There isn't.
There it goes.
There it is, sir.
There just isn't enough of him, sir.
There may be a cascade anomaly.
There may be a connection.
There may be a correlation between humour and sex.
There may be a design flaw.
There may be a small amount of static charge accumulation.
There may be a structural flaw that would allow us to escape.
There may be an enemy among us.
There may be law to support this position.
There may be records near the launch site that could help us find a solution.
There may be some clues there.
There may be some residual memory loss.
There may be something in them about Lieutenant Kwan as well.
There may be something there, Commander.
There may be the potential for combat.
There may be unforeseen difficulties.
There may have been a murder.
There may not be many more of them.
There may still be a residual discharge.
There might be a fairly regular pattern to these eruptions.
There might be a paper in this.
There might be a way, sir.
There might be neurological impairment.
There might be some residual effects, but other than that, he'll be all right.
There might be some way that we can warn them of their impending destruction.
There might be something in here that can tell us who you are.
There might be something that we've overlooked and
There might be variables that you didn't account for.
There must be a back-up for his synaptic functions as well.
There must be a breach in the hull someplace.
There must be a lava flow or a underground hot spring somewhere near here.
There must be a missing link here.
There must be a time differential between the force and counter force.
There must be a way to avoid this.
There must be a way to warn them before the ship goes to warp.
There must be an alternative.
There must be an explanation for all this.
There must be many ways we can be tested.
There must be one of any number of people could coordinate their deployment.
There must be only four minutes left.
There must be other options.
There must be other unexpected events you have to deal with.
There must be some connection between his odd behaviour and these creatures.
There must be some other way, Captain.
There must be some way that we can make the Klingons listen.
There must be some way to neutralise this advantage.
There must be some way to put that fire out.
There must be some way to track her.
There must be some way we can track it.
There must be someone with her.
There must be something we can do to help.
There must be something we've overlooked.
There must be something wrong with the satellite data.
There must be starithium ore in these rocks.
There must be too much interference from the baryon sweep.
There must be.
There must have been some deterioration.
There must've been some part of childhood that you didn't loathe.
There never are, Lieutenant.
There never was a ransom.
There never was.
There now, that wasn't so bad, was it?
There really is so much to learn.
There really isn't any point in our getting acquainted.
There remains no explanation for the images which appeared in our path.
There seem to be no residual effects from their experience.
There seems to be a problem in the holodeck's spatial orientation systems.
There seems to be a question of who's table this is.
There seems to be much confusion on this issue.
There seems to be some kind of strange bouncing effect.
There she is again, Counsellor Troi.
There she is, Captain.
There should be a barrier of some sort nearby.
There should be a doorway.
There should be at least four members of my staff on duty at all times.
There should be at least two more pieces down there.
There should be children on this ship.
There should be no compatibility at all.
There should be over ten thousand kilograms.
There should be room for both in this life.
There should be some emergency Bridge lighting here.
There should be some increase.
There should be!
There shouldn't be any discoloration after the treatment.
There shouldn't be any more problems.
There shouldn't be any problem.
There that should do it.
There they are again, Watson.
There they are!
There they are, Captain.
There was a Romulan ship and the first thing you did was?
There was a body, and a funeral.
There was a collision.
There was a computer time lag, for one thing.
There was a creature at Tanagra?
There was a crime committed on board this ship, but it was not Jono's.
There was a deadly earnestness about him.
There was a difference.
There was a evidence of a delayed surface shock.
There was a fierce volley of photon torpedoes.
There was a light right in my face.
There was a mind working against me.
There was a mistake.
There was a moment when you smiled.
There was a momentary flash of light.
There was a power surge.
There was a reception in Ten Forward.
There was a referendum.
There was a running firefight all the way to the escape pod.
There was a shipment yesterday.
There was a space-time distortion, sir, and there is something back there.
There was a theta flux distortion building up around the ship.
There was a time when the Empire would crush a rebellion.
There was a time when you couldn't break away from your starship fantasy at all.
There was a tool crate on the floor.
There was a woman who was frightened.
There was absolutely no evidence of anybody coming on board the Vico.
There was almost no one left alive on Galen Four.
There was always somebody there to educate me in literature, history, art, sex.
There was an alien here who'd taken Romulan form.
There was an emergency reported in Ten Forward.
There was an explosion in Engineering.
There was an explosion in space.
There was an explosion.
There was an incident on Altair Three when Will was First Officer of the Hood.
There was an incident.
There was an intent here.
There was an outbreak of Terrellian plague on Romulus.
There was another difference.
There was enough energy in that flash to overload your optic nerves.
There was even a time when we used our telepathic abilities as a weapon.
There was great deal of opposition.
There was marked deterioration of every system in his body.
There was much fear in that room.
There was no alternative.
There was no antidote.
There was no authorisation.
There was no challenge!
There was no chance to go back for the Captain.
There was no damage to the nerves so you shouldn't be feeling any pain.
There was no death combat.
There was no direct contact with the Enterprise.
There was no evidence of auditory anomalies anywhere on the ship.
There was no evidence to suggest sabotage.
There was no fail-safe available.
There was no harm done.
There was no hope in sight.
There was no improvement in engine performance.
There was no indication of any of this on Velara Three.
There was no mention of an escort.
There was no one else here.
There was no one there.
There was no one was there, so I left.
There was no opportunity.
There was no outside source, no alien presence.
There was no pain, no trauma.
There was no pause.
There was no power interruption, no subspace bias.
There was no prison camp.
There was no proof included.
There was no reason for her to know.
There was no reason to heap all this emotional baggage on you.
There was no response.
There was no risk to you.
There was no surface to read.
There was no way to avoid what happened.
There was nothing anyone could have done.
There was nothing provocative about what she did.
There was one event, an Academy tradition, the Sadie Hawkins Dance?
There was one other person on the station.
There was one other thing.
There was one song you always asked me to sing.
There was one when I transported to the science ship, you see?
There was only one chip.
There was phased matter all around.
There was proof.
There was some kind of energy discharge in the interface suit.
There was someone called Tom Norris?
There was someone else in the shuttlecraft with me.
There was someone talking.
There was something I had to do.
There was something attached to it.
There was something else here.
There was something else there.
There was still sufficient antimatter present to lead to an explosion.
There was thunder, this unbelievable thunder.
There was too much synaptic damage.
There was very little left to salvage from the wreckage.
There was, no, no, there is this kind of life.
There wasn't any.
There wasn't enough time to test all the backups before we left the yard.
There wasn't much time for anything else.
There wasn't time enough to take her into stasis.
There were a lot of people in and out of there.
There were days I felt so alone I thought I might lose my mind.
There were dozens of factions.
There were five on your ship.
There were gaps in the information we gathered from your memory.
There were ghosts aboard that old ship.
There were hostilities?
There were literally thousands of people involved in building the Enterprise.
There were loose threads, untidy parts of me that I would like to remove.
There were lots of other people with better records.
There were many problems associated with my becoming sentient.
There were no difficulties in assimilation.
There were no errors, Geordi.
There were no phasers in the 22nd century.
There were no records of sleep disturbances of any kind, Counsellor.
There were no reports of unusual conduct among the crew.
There were no signs of dysfunction.
There were no volatile chemicals found there.
There were only the two of us.
There were other more intangible concerns as well.
There were others with you?
There were over two thousand Romulan troops on board those ships.
There were several accidents.
There were several of us.
There were so many things that made him special to me.
There were some unusual magnetic resonance traces.
There were survivors.
There were these pieces of metal.
There were thirty four people were found dead on this ship.
There were thousands of these creatures.
There were three of them.
There will be a briefing and indoctrination session in fifteen minutes.
There will be a full security contingent present.
There will be a hearing.
There will be a recess while I review your petitions.
There will be a sharp pain as I set the bone.
There will be another class tomorrow at oh seven hundred hours.
There will be another day, Commander.
There will be difficult times ahead.
There will be fifteen starships in this sector by the day after tomorrow.
There will be hazards along the way.
There will be more seismic activity.
There will be no bloodshed.
There will be no computer record of said transmission.
There will be no deals as long as I'm still alive.
There will be no interference from us, Mister Data.
There will be no one left alive to remember.
There will be no treaty, no vaccine!
There will be other treasures to be found, Vash.
There will be plenty of time for training.
There will be profound medical repercussions.
There will be three Cardassians transporting aboard.
There will now be only three to beam up.
There will only be a point one second difference between them.
There would be complications.
There would be no suffering I don't care what other Klingons think of you.
There would have to be one condition.
There wouldn't be enough time to spread it around the ship.
There you are!
There you are, Batai.
There you are, Commander.
There you are, Mister Tarses.
There you go again, always blaming me for everything.
There you go again.
There you go, now you got it.
There you go, sir.
There you go.
There you will learn the lessons I have failed to teach you.
There!
There'd be no harm, would there, if I gave them something I know they'd like?
There'd be nothing to gain.
There'll be charges of a government conspiracy.
There'll be no conflict.
There'll be no escape for you this time, Robin Hood.
There'll be no more punishment on this ship.
There'll be others, but every time you feel love it'll will be different.
There'll be some hard questions for you to answer.
There're just too many variables to take into consideration.
There're some bulkhead fragments over here.
There's Klingon DNA in the wound.
There's a Starfleet attack force hiding inside it.
There's a Starfleet officer still on board.
There's a Ventaxian leader on the viewscreen, name of Acost Jared.
There's a bond which is created by mutual need.
There's a breach in progress.
There's a caber toss scheduled for tomorrow afternoon.
There's a chance that our doctors can do something.
There's a dangerous precipice near here.
There's a delegation of Ferengi who wishes to be beamed aboard, sir.
There's a different feeling here than in the tunnel.
There's a disruption in the tachyon detectors!
There's a duality in the man.
There's a field in this wall?
There's a fire in here.
There's a fissure developing in the bulkhead.
There's a forty percent drop in mass.
There's a fusion reactor in the house, good for another five years of power.
There's a game going around.
There's a gap opening in the net.
There's a good chance this is our ship.
There's a good deal of interference, but you are getting through.
There's a good deal of structural integrity, Worf.
There's a gunfighter out there who has the speed and accuracy of an android.
There's a job I want you to do for me.
There's a lack of integrity at the landing point.
There's a large room up ahead called Ten Forward.
There's a ledge about thirty metres up.
There's a lot about her we don't know.
There's a lot less pressure there.
There's a lot more going on here than you realise.
There's a lot of bleeding, but it's not as bad as it looks.
There's a lot of blood.
There's a lot of damage here.
There's a lot of things she didna talk about.
There's a lot to discuss.
There's a low gravity gymnasium, too.
There's a message coming in for you from the surface.
There's a minor vascular irregularity in the visual cortex.
There's a mob outside the door, trying to break into the station.
There's a muon wave build up in the dilithium chamber.
There's a mystery here.
There's a nerve cluster just behind the carotid artery.
There's a new ship's standing order on the Bridge.
There's a part of this that's kind of therapeutic.
There's a pattern in the buffer still.
There's a phaser missing.
There's a planet in the Cerebus system, Cerebus Two.
There's a possibility he'll dismiss me from the Council.
There's a power reduction in section L-Ninety Four.
There's a precipice near here.
There's a rain barrel in front of the saloon.
There's a real chance this could work.
There's a reason for what he's doing.
There's a risk.
There's a second energy beam.
There's a seven year gap.
There's a severe energy fluctuation in this access panel.
There's a slight bacterial infection around your neural inputs.
There's a slight discrepancy in the base pair sequence.
There's a small forcefield on the planet.
There's a small object back there that wasn't there a few moments ago.
There's a story, a very ancient one, from Earth.
There's a subspace resonance signature coming from that asteroid, sir.
There's a subspace resonance signature coming from that asteroid.
There's a table in the back that's more private.
There's a thirteen percent increase in the acetylcholine of the hippocampus.
There's a transformer substation directly above the chamber she just entered.
There's a two percent drop in power for an instant, but it is system wide.
There's a very strong magnetic field around the surface.
There's a way.
There's a woman living here.
There's absolutely no risk to you.
There's almost a Vulcan quality to the man.
There's also some kind of residual interphasic signature.
There's always a pattern in the lacerations and tissue damage.
There's always an open seat for you.
There's always risk, Doctor.
There's always some energy form at work.
There's an almost spiritual connection.
There's an aura around Data.
There's an awful lot of interference in the area.
There's an awful lot of ionising radiation in this system, Captain.
There's an awful lot of subspace disturbance in the atmosphere.
There's an emergency hand actuator.
There's an empty seat over there.
There's an energy build-up in the phase compensation unit.
There's an energy feedback returning through the transfer beam.
There's an escape pod in the aft cargo bay.
There's an excellent chance my mother may be joining us on Starbase twelve.
There's an incoming message.
There's an increase in tachyon emissions from the Federation fleet.
There's an object of some kind beaming in from Haven.
There's an object of some kind closing in on our position.
There's an old saying, Captain.
There's an opening for a level two specialist.
There's another answer.
There's another at waist level.
There's another character in the programme.
There's another filament moving toward us, sir.
There's another possibility.
There's been a battle.
There's been a cave-in in one of the magma pockets.
There's been a lot of seismic activity over the years.
There's been a system-wide power failure.
There's been an escape.
There's been fighting ever since.
There's been no direct contact with the Romulans since the Tomed Incident.
There's been no formal declaration of war.
There's been no interruption in course or speed.
There's been no precedent for a human host.
There's been over a century of evidence to prove that.
There's been some capillary reaction here.
There's brain activity all his systems seem to be working.
There's brain damage.
There's damage to his brain stem, autonomic functions are failing.
There's damage to the parietal lobe.
There's definite structural damage.
There's every indication he's served competently in Starfleet for years.
There's every reason to believe that they're corrupt.
There's fire all around me.
There's going to be a lot of casualties if we can't get there any faster.
There's going to be hell to pay.
There's going to be no evacuation.
There's got to be a better way to deal with it than this.
There's got to be a ventilation source somewhere.
There's got to be an answer to all of this somewhere.
There's got to be another way.
There's got to be some kind of trail we can follow.
There's got to be some way to get through to them.
There's great hostility behind his smile.
There's heavy synaptic activity all over the place.
There's hostility that she seems to have transferred from Lore to Data.
There's just enough crystal to do it.
There's just no way to lock in on anything down there.
There's just one last thing you can do for me.
There's just one thing I don't understand.
There's just one thing.
There's just too much interference.
There's less than a two percent energy loss between the wave and the ship.
There's less than point zero zero three percent signal degradation.
There's life here.
There's little known about Data's efficiency.
There's little or no damage on the Bridge, Doctor.
There's massive internal bleeding.
There's more going on here than anybody on this ship realises.
There's more here than you're telling us.
There's more to this than just the cards, Data.
There's more to this than we've been told.
There's more, there's lots more.
There's my girl!
There's no apparent cause of death.
There's no apparent reason.
There's no area stable enough to withstand a warp pulse.
There's no breach.
There's no danger here.
There's no degeneration.
There's no denying that.
There's no difference.
There's no doubt about it, Data.
There's no doubt any more.
There's no doubt now that he's dead.
There's no emergency signal from the shuttle as yet.
There's no evidence either way.
There's no evidence of any injury or trauma.
There's no evidence of anything that could lead to Data's shutdown.
There's no evidence that anyone is still alive in the drive section.
There's no evidence, so there's no case.
There's no genetic drift.
There's no getting through.
There's no guarantee it's going to fail, Captain.
There's no indication of a control mechanism.
There's no indication of any bacteria or virus.
There's no indication that he's left the ship.
There's no information who is involved.
There's no lab.
There's no logic in this at all.
There's no medical explanation for spontaneous regeneration of an organ.
There's no need for any further information from you.
There's no need for threats.
There's no need for you to travel in the cargo bay.
There's no need for your kind of violence.
There's no need for your phasers, Captain.
There's no need to be.
There's no need to concern yourself.
There's no need to go into that unless it becomes necessary.
There's no need to introduce them to anyone new.
There's no need to rush.
There's no need to take any chances.
There's no obvious cranial trauma.
There's no one Borg who is more an individual than your arm or your leg.
There's no one here.
There's no one is in control of the ship.
There's no one there.
There's no opinions.
There's no other explanation.
There's no other way.
There's no pain.
There's no permanent damage.
There's no plasma leakage, just a little negative ion charging.
There's no point in trying to talk to you.
There's no police record.
There's no power on this entire deck, yet somehow these monitors are working.
There's no problem here.
There's no problem with socialisation here.
There's no problem.
There's no proof of anything.
There's no question.
There's no real evidence linking these comas with the Ullians.
There's no reason for it here.
There's no reason for the Enterprise to remain.
There's no reason for this to be happening.
There's no reason for you and your ship to remain, Captain.
There's no reason to be.
There's no reason to hide from us.
There's no reasoning with you.
There's no record of it.
There's no record of the Romulans ever assaulting the Enterprise C.
There's no respect.
There's no reward waiting for you down on the surface.
There's no right or wrong about it.
There's no sign of any Borg, or Data.
There's no sign of any survivors.
There's no sign of it on its previous heading.
There's no sign of the Enterprise.
There's no signs of trauma.
There's no strategic value to that outpost.
There's no substitute, Lieutenant, for personal reconnoitre.
There's no such thing as a ghost.
There's no telling how many more personalities might emerge.
There's no threat, Lieutenant.
There's no time to debate the issues.
There's no time to explain.
There's no time, Number One.
There's no trace of injury.
There's no trace of my money.
There's no vegetation, no insects, not even soil bacteria.
There's no votes.
There's no warp funnel, no ship.
There's no way for us to be sure the Romulans are out there.
There's no way it could possibly have affected anything up on deck twelve.
There's no way of telling from here.
There's no way out of here.
There's no way round it?
There's no way the computer can compensate for the human factor.
There's no way they can save Narendra Three.
There's no way they could have gotten out of this room.
There's no way to know what the destruction of the Borg ship will do to him.
There's no way to take out enough of these to disable them down.
There's no way to tell.
There's no way we can beam them out of there, not under these conditions.
There's no way we can override.
There's no way we can tell from up here.
There's no way we'll get her back now.
There's no where he can go.
There's nobody left on board.
There's not enough juice in these to blow up a passing asteroid.
There's not enough time!
There's not enough time.
There's not much damage.
There's not much left, is there.
There's not much of her original DNA left.
There's not much to know.
There's nothing I love more than voyaging in the unknown.
There's nothing burning, Jean-Luc.
There's nothing else for them to talk about.
There's nothing else you can do.
There's nothing for me here.
There's nothing for me to look at.
There's nothing for you here.
There's nothing here but these barrels.
There's nothing here that's particularly valuable.
There's nothing here that's unfamiliar.
There's nothing here to arbitrate.
There's nothing here, Jean-Luc.
There's nothing here.
There's nothing left to take out.
There's nothing more familiar than the Enterprise.
There's nothing more to be said.
There's nothing more unusual about her, not that my instruments can detect.
There's nothing much to see here, Commander.
There's nothing on board that'll do the job.
There's nothing out here.
There's nothing shameful in falling before a superior enemy.
There's nothing there but dust and rocks.
There's nothing there to provide a pattern lock for the transporter.
There's nothing there to salvage unless you want to use tweezers.
There's nothing to be done.
There's nothing to hide now.
There's nothing to hold on to.
There's nothing to lock onto, Commander.
There's nothing to tell.
There's nothing unusual about that.
There's nothing unusual about this house, except the fact that it's here.
There's nothing within sensor range.
There's nothing wrong down here.
There's nothing wrong with either of us.
There's nothing wrong with me.
There's nothing wrong with what I am.
There's nothing wrong.
There's nothing you can do here.
There's nothing you can do, Captain.
There's nothing, nothing we can't do.
There's one in the Fleet museum, but then of course, this is your Enterprise?
There's one more artefact to find.
There's one more thing.
There's one next to each of the Alliance headquarters.
There's one now.
There's one thing I'd like to say.
There's one thing that troubles me though.
There's only one person on this ship who can.
There's only one planet in the Kurlan system capable of supporting life.
There's only one reason he chose cargo bay four.
There's only one way to know for certain.
There's only so much you can learn on a starship.
There's our mysterious something, Captain.
There's overpressure in his fluidic systems.
There's plenty of time to chat with the boys.
There's probably nothing to worry about.
There's really only one option.
There's risk in everything.
There's simply no way to contact them.
There's so much I wanted to tell you.
There's so much for me to learn.
There's so much here we could have learned.
There's so much to talk about.
There's so much you can teach us.
There's some connection between these two planets.
There's some connection.
There's some kind of damage.
There's some kind of interference.
There's some kind of malfunction.
There's some kind of plasma energy out on the surface.
There's some sort of disease aboard the Enterprise and it's spreading.
There's some very sensitive equipment over there.
There's someone else who's there.
There's someone still alive on the ship!
There's someone under here.
There's something I want to try.
There's something I would like to ask you.
There's something I'd like you to try.
There's something I've got to do anyway.
There's something about actually having your fate in your own hands.
There's something about the flame, the smell of the smoke.
There's something down here I think you'd better see.
There's something else inside the cup.
There's something else you must know.
There's something else, Captain.
There's something else.
There's something happening on this ship.
There's something important I must complete.
There's something in here that looks like a molecular phase inverter.
There's something in the beam with him.
There's something in the subdermal tissue.
There's something in there.
There's something in these rocks.
There's something more.
There's something strange here.
There's something we need to discuss.
There's something wrong with my stomach.
There's something wrong with the Captain.
There's something's here.
There's something's wrong in the Environmental lab!
There's still a way.
There's still much to do.
There's still no indication that he's found the beacon, sir.
There's still no modulation.
There's still no sign of the Phoenix.
There's still one missing piece.
There's still plasma in the injector.
There's still so much for me to do.
There's still that anomalous class-M planet we were going to investigate.
There's still the anomalous M-class planet we were going to investigate.
There's such a thing as over-rehearsing, Will.
There's the coal and there's the boiler.
There's the core, over there.
There's the point of entry.
There's the ship.
There's theory and there's application.
There's too much comm.
There's too much interference in the atmosphere.
There's too much interference to form a warp field.
There's very little time.
There's your fifty, and one hundred more.
There's your ten, and one hundred.
There's your warp bubble, Wesley.
There've been quite a few changes on the Enterprise in the last sixteen years.
There've been reports that these organisms can exist on a larger scale.
There, Data, you did it again.
There, all better.
There, by that bed.
There, feel it?
There, he would learn our ways.
There, in the thymus.
There, on the port nacelle.
There, perhaps now your manners will show some improvement.
There, precisely as scheduled.
There, that should help.
There, that's much better.
There, there, haven't we been careless.
There, there, there, there, there.
There, there.
There, try that.
Therefore I say test us.
Therefore I will have to remain in the dark on this mission.
Therefore it cannot be considered nothing as such.
Therefore one side is constantly dark, and the other side constantly light.
Therefore the signal breaks down easily.
Therefore there must be something wrong with your original assumption.
Therefore we are left with none but the most final alternative.
Therefore we do have some advantage.
Therefore you are totally unqualified.
Therefore you see this armed raid as the only option.
Therefore, Commander Riker is alive.
Therefore, I have written a new subroutine for that purpose.
Therefore, I would not be the instrument of his death.
Therefore, his fears, out of doubt, be of the same relish as ours are.
Therefore, we must remove the ship from their field of interest.
Therefore, you and I should continue our masquerade.
Thermal deflectors generate a field approximately four hundred metres wide.
Thermal levels increasing, sir.
Thermal levels up one hundred seventy seven percent.
Thermal shields at full power.
Thermal shock.
These Ansata, they're madmen.
These I understand.
These Solari don't seem likely candidates for peace.
These are Commander Riker's access codes.
These are Commander Troi's quarters.
These are Federation supplies.
These are Klingons, at war with us.
These are Klingons.
These are desperate people ready to martyr themselves.
These are frightening things that are happening.
These are his people.
These are my associates.
These are my consuls, Kol and Doctor Arridor.
These are my engines.
These are my friends.
These are my officers.
These are my orders, Lieutenant.
These are my parents, Helena and Sergey Rozhenko.
These are my worlds.
These are not ordinary nanites.
These are not people we're dealing with here.
These are not weapons, First Officer.
These are selenium fibres.
These are some of Starfleet's highest honours.
These are standard guest quarters, sir.
These are the best quarters we have.
These are the cargo containers we brought on board earlier.
These are the complaints of a closed mind too accustomed to military privileges.
These are the coordinates.
These are the correct coordinates.
These are the elements we have available.
These are the kor'tova candles.
These are the locations that were attacked by the mercenary vessel.
These are the more palatable choices.
These are the most unusual humans I have ever encountered.
These are the plants Keiko was carrying on the shuttle.
These are the science stations.
These are the two molecules that have been transposed.
These are the two planets which best match our search criteria.
These are the voices of all the people you've killed throughout the years.
These are things I do understand.
These are undamaged cells that seem to be mutating.
These are very sophisticated devices.
These are your quarters.
These aren't just random patterns, it's me!
These aren't my colours.
These artefacts played a ritualistic role in that society, I think.
These artefacts weren't beamed over here from the archive.
These beings, are they machines, or mere illusions designed to deceive us?
These cavern walls have undergone some kind of selective molecular polarisation.
These caverns lead to tunnels which run beneath the compound.
These children can't survive in the lab once their parents are dead.
These containers were designed solely for refrigeration.
These devices were the idea of my predecessor.
These devices will enhance our molecular patterns.
These devices wiped out an entire planet.
These enemies are Klingons.
These food dispensers can synthesise anything that you may been.
These forms are the basis for Klingon combat.
These fragments all seem to have similar protein configurations.
These guys are too smart to fall for that story.
These images are specifically programmed for Ascension rites.
These incidents are common to cat owners.
These issues are not relevant to this hearing.
These items are all perfectly legal.
These kittens were born less than twenty four hours.
These lesions look like burn marks.
These markings represent the members of our house.
These men were trying to stop us from being together.
These mercenaries use weapons that can activate their transporter.
These mines need to be laid within two kilometres of the Cardassian ships.
These mission details could have been transmitted.
These nodes were linking the sensors to our warp control and defensive systems.
These officers are here to assist you.
These past few years have been very difficult for her.
These people are all convinced their world is coming to an end.
These people are honest, almost to a fault.
These people are no one's enemy, Senator.
These people are not happy here.
These people are not some random group of colonists.
These people are professionals.
These people deserve better than to be removed from their homes.
These people did not die of cholera.
These people died because of this thing.
These people have been fighting all of their lives.
These people have insulted his honour by taking the embassy staff hostage.
These people need an end to the fighting now.
These people.
These permutations are going to take a very long time.
These phasers have been retuned.
These planets live fast and die hard.
These planets were once outposts of that empire.
These powers that I have are just going to stand in the way.
These quarters are quite comfortable.
These quarters were obviously intended for one crewmember, sir.
These rebels need to be crushed not coddled.
These scenes could be holographic images.
These ships carry a Romulan invasion force and must be stopped.
These ships carry the future of the Romulan and Vulcan people.
These strands appear to be biomagnetic.
These structures were built by the Debrune.
These symbols don't match anything in the Federation linguistic banks.
These things take time, but it will happen.
These three speak for him.
These two call me Mrs Troi.
These two societies are intertwined in a symbiotic relationship.
These walls are dry, Mister Crusher, do you have any moisture reading?
These walls are too bright.
These walls aren't tritanium.
These weapons are no match for their shields.
These weeds keep popping up in the pittosporum.
These were alien to us.
These were all accidents.
These were not ghosts.
These were on board, Captain.
These were words spoken in the heat of anger.
These will be the official boundaries.
These will be your own words, your Honour.
They act on instinct alone.
They admit the evil that they do!
They admit their crimes!
They adorn themselves with gold, a despicable use of a valuable metal.
They ain't never got no pitchers.
They all but jeered him off the stage.
They all came up negative.
They all do.
They all have elevated levels of serotonin.
They all have the same enzymatic composition.
They all just started up.
They all look the same.
They allowed me to combine different perceptions.
They already have.
They already knew.
They also have a minimum of two phaser banks and possibly photon torpedoes.
They also say you didn't defend yourself at your court martial.
They always have extra medkits on hand for relief missions.
They answered your distress signal.
They apparently have a grievance with Q.
They appear dead.
They appear to be adequate.
They appear to be alive.
They appear to be compatible.
They appear to be connected directly to the holodeck's main power coupling.
They appear to be counter-acting the graviton pulse.
They appear to be empty, sir.
They appear to be extracting our cellular peptides.
They appear to be in pretty good condition.
They appear to be in some kind of stasis.
They appear to be making no attempt to stop us.
They appear to be on an intercept course.
They appear to be unaffected.
They appear to be working properly now.
They appear to contain some sort of energy patterns.
They appear to have impulse capability.
They appear to have the same feelings about you, sir.
They are Mansara.
They are a people.
They are a relatively benign species.
They are a sensible race.
They are a unified pair.
They are a valuable resource.
They are able to heal wounds that we cannot.
They are accelerating to warp five.
They are affecting every system simultaneously.
They are already beginning to swell again.
They are answering our hail, Captain.
They are arming main disruptors, Captain.
They are asking if we can investigate.
They are badly damaged, sir.
They are beaming up now.
They are both somewhat emotional concerning my age.
They are called Mediators.
They are cause for concern.
They are changing colour.
They are citizens of the Federation.
They are closing in on the Cardassian vessel.
They are coming from over there.
They are concerned, of course, Captain, but confident.
They are critical to our survival.
They are crossing the border.
They are currently in the early stages of post hibernation.
They are demented.
They are designed to learn and mimic your neural firing patterns.
They are down there, sir.
They are dropping to subwarp speed.
They are each de-evolving to earlier forms of life on their homeworlds.
They are elderly.
They are engaging their cloaking device.
They are expecting us in thirty six hours.
They are firing again.
They are firing on the Argus Array.
They are firing on us.
They are firing.
They are fulfilled by what I give to others.
They are fully integrated components.
They are genetic codes which are normally dormant.
They are hailing us, sir.
They are heading toward our position.
They are identical to the coil we found earlier, Captain.
They are in conflict!
They are in pursuit, Captain.
They are incapable of entertaining me.
They are initiating visual contact, sir.
They are inquisitive.
They are insane!
They are intensely curious.
They are killing your son, not me.
They are locking weapons.
They are magnificent, aren't they?
They are matching our manoeuvres, sir, and firing.
They are matching our manoeuvres.
They are meaningless silicon crystals, which rebroadcast sunlight.
They are more factionalised than ever.
They are more valuable to me than an enemy.
They are moving away, Commander.
They are moving inter-dimensionally.
They are moving into a course parallel to our own, Captain.
They are moving out.
They are moving to intercept.
They are much more susceptible.
They are my comrades.
They are no longer synchronous.
They are not a threat.
They are not here.
They are not hostile.
They are not my captors.
They are not needed here.
They are not prepared for battle, sir.
They are not responding, sir.
They are not vermin.
They are nothing compared to what's waiting.
They are now angling through that solar system, Captain.
They are now being transmitted into our computer over subspace link.
They are now inoperable.
They are now only empty shells.
They are obviously still aboard.
They are of a personal nature, sir.
They are off.
They are offline.
They are on undesignated manoeuvres in the Pheben system.
They are out of sensor range on the far side of the system.
They are pledged to support my brother, Kurn.
They are powering forward missile launchers, sir.
They are powering up for another volley.
They are powering up their disruptors.
They are powering weapons.
They are preparing to fire photon torpedoes.
They are quite disagreeable, aren't they?
They are quite fragile, sir.
They are rather strange-looking, Commander.
They are ready, Captain.
They are reasonable people, they're just trapped in their own anger.
They are receiving us.
They are reclusive to the point of xenophobia.
They are reinforcing the tetryon emissions.
They are relentless.
They are requesting visual contact.
They are returning our hail in proper language.
They are said to soothe the nerves of Valtese men.
They are scanning the debris of the freighter.
They are scanning us, Captain.
They are security officers from the twenty seventh century.
They are slowing to impulse, sir.
They are slowing too, sir.
They are smart.
They are still as efficient as they were, perhaps even more skilled now.
They are still charged with spying, Commander.
They are strange alien beings.
They are that, sir.
They are the ones who interfered.
They are the ones who organised mass arrests.
They are the ones who sent medical supplies.
They are tools.
They are transmitting again.
They are twenty nine metres in length and are unmanned.
They are undamaged.
They are undari.
They are using the Array as a surveillance device.
They are violent.
They are warning the dead, sir.
They are willing to talk, one on one, but not to him.
They are worthy allies.
They are xenophobes, sir.
They are your parents.
They are your work, aren't they?
They are, sir.
They are, they are.
They aren't expecting anybody this far in.
They arrived separately.
They assumed that I was killed with the family at Khitomer.
They assure us they will dispatch someone immediately.
They attacked him.
They attacked me from behind.
They barely had time to get the three of you out.
They beamed aboard as a diversion to give their ship time to escape.
They beamed whoever was in it right to Sickbay.
They became great friends.
They became symbols around whom others who shared their views could gather.
They became uneven, discordant.
They become better tools as they work.
They believe humans and Klingons are a waste of skin.
They believe it will help them.
They believed that the signal device sensed their presence and activated me.
They believed they were off the holodeck.
They belong buried with the past.
They belong to Jayden.
They both died shortly after her birth.
They both have the same results, a unique chemical imbalance.
They bother me.
They bring others here.
They broke the cycle of addiction and never told the Ornarans.
They brought a lot of technology.
They brought me here with my parents.
They built this craft for generations.
They call for their mothers.
They call him the Butcher of Bozeman.
They call it Tin Man.
They came at us with photon torpedoes and type eight phasers.
They came back.
They came in a spaceship so big you could see it in orbit.
They came looking for me.
They came to loot your empire, but we intercepted them.
They came to regret it.
They can be found in every object, every person, every animal, everything.
They can do that?
They can get very ill-tempered if they lose.
They can hear us talking.
They can insert them into the recall loop?
They can lead to wrong conclusions, but they cannot lie.
They can neither receive nor send any messages.
They can no longer delay their departure.
They can obliterate you from orbit.
They can only communicate with other telepaths.
They can pay whenever they are able.
They can provide that I cannot.
They can take you to more places than a starship.
They can't do anything about it.
They can't do this to me!
They can't even move their ship without our help.
They can't fire when they're cloaked.
They can't force us into anything, can they?
They can't have gone far.
They can't have her.
They can't leave that ship.
They can't survive so far up in the atmosphere.
They can't wait to absolve almost any offence.
They cannot be reasoned with!
They cannot care for Alexander.
They cannot exhume the body.
They cannot hear you.
They captured me to find out how much I knew about their operation.
They captured me.
They care for you.
They cause a cascade effect in the planet's atmosphere that.
They certainly are fit.
They certainly are.
They certainly treat professors pretty well at Cambridge
They checked the transporter and there wasn't.
They chose the resettlement solution.
They claim that sector of space where Beta Stromgren is located.
They claim they have suffered a complete engine failure.
They claim to be our escort.
They conquer that which they desire.
They consider the matter closed.
They consider this a priority one action.
They contain most of my research.
They contain relatively straightforward programming, interface protocols.
They continue to ignore our hails, sir.
They could be capable of warp any minute.
They could be cloaked, or otherwise shielded.
They could be everywhere.
They could be inside the sphere.
They could be unaware of the danger.
They could be very unsophisticated.
They could cause trouble if I decide to kill him.
They could have been altered.
They could have been on a scientific voyage.
They could have been using the planet as a shield.
They could have but they didn't.
They could have killed him.
They could mean anything.
They could not possibly know the hell they have put me through.
They could use a hand, Commander.
They could use the transporter against us.
They could very well be affected too.
They could've crashed into the sphere like the Jenolen.
They could've gone anywhere.
They couldn't even navigate their own vessel.
They couldn't find anything.
They couldn't have adapted that quickly.
They couldn't have reached another star system, let alone attacked one.
They cried out aloud, send us a companion for our king.
They define him.
They deserve so much more.
They deserve that much.
They deserve the chance to survive.
They destroyed it, sir.
They destroyed their own invasion force.
They did agree a bit easily.
They did not want him to go.
They did something to his mind.
They didn't get to the core I can control functions from here.
They didn't have much success with this problem, Commander.
They didn't really have time for me, even when I needed them.
They didn't see anything coming until it was too late.
They didn't see me.
They didn't show up.
They didn't take everything away.
They didn't understand it.
They didn't want to just imitate Scotland, they wanted to recreate it.
They died at their posts.
They died because their neural energy was drained somehow.
They died in an accident.
They died of natural causes.
They died well.
They disappeared.
They discarded you and left.
They disobeyed and must be punished.
They do correspond to Mogh's personal security code.
They do exist, but they do not register as either man or machine.
They do not answer, sir.
They do not anticipate their arrival for another nine hours.
They do not fear me.
They do not need a false god.
They do not rule me.
They do not seem to be functioning at all, sir.
They do not turn Klingons into weaklings like you.
They do not wish it.
They do sometimes bring us sadness, but we have learned to adjust to that.
They do the dirty work.
They don't always jibe.
They don't care about how they live.
They don't do a lot of tap dancing at weddings.
They don't do anything piecemeal.
They don't do that individually.
They don't even give us enough for an educated guess.
They don't even have monitors to tell them there's a problem.
They don't even have warp capabilities.
They don't have a clue as to what's out here.
They don't have a single leader.
They don't have any weapons and that one looks injured.
They don't have to answer.
They don't have your sense of humour, Mom.
They don't know how dangerous you are, you and the others like you.
They don't know what's going on out here.
They don't leave much room for optimism.
They don't like cold, eh?
They don't need to have the run of the ship.
They don't seem to be in any hurry.
They don't speak the same language.
They don't think Isabella's real.
They don't trust me.
They don't understand the situation here in the Zone.
They don't usually go through the ceremony if it's just a temporary assignment.
They don't usually take hostages.
They don't want to get hit by the bullets.
They don't want to hear another alternative.
They don't want to lose their only customers.
They don't want to take on the Enterprise.
They don't want to talk.
They don't work anymore.
They drew up a new constitution which the population later ratified.
They each have their individual beliefs and values and I respect them all.
They eat this?
They either don't see us, or don't see us as a threat.
They employ a subspace proximity detonator.
They ended up having dinner together every night.
They executed her.
They exhibit a complex bioelectric patterns.
They exist as swirls of ionised gas.
They expect Timicin to die, don't you realise that?
They expect deception, so they always find it.
They expect to be dead in the next day or so.
They feel that it makes them too vulnerable.
They first started using it two months ago.
They flourish in conflict.
They follow my orders.
They forced me out.
They fought in the street.
They fought in the temple.
They fought to the death.
They fought until the city above ground was in ruins.
They found her, didn't they?
They found me when I escaped before.
They found several archaeological sites.
They found us.
They found you near the body, the knife in your hand.
They give me an understanding of propulsion.
They give us a door we can't open until the four of us co-operate.
They give us food which Esoqq can't eat, to make him a threat.
They give you pleasure.
They go to start again, when Fajo enters.
They got no pitchers!
They got tired of my arguments.
They got to the engines.
They grow into adults over a period of many years.
They grow into beings like us.
They had a big ship and they kept shooting at us.
They had argued for years.
They had assumed human form in order to visit Earth, I suppose for amusement.
They had been corrupted by the illusion of peace.
They had lost their sense of purpose.
They had no effect.
They had no right to do that to me.
They had occupied a small building in the south-west quarter of the city.
They had purple helmets on and phaser rifles.
They had the proper container.
They had you pegged for a sap.
They hadn't perfected quarantine fields.
They have a cruise down the Jokri River.
They have a lovely three day ritual for saying hello.
They have a type four deflector shield protecting the outpost and the ruins.
They have already tried to kill me once.
They have asked if we are beginning a search.
They have attracted creatures from outer space.
They have been in contact with us already.
They have been killing each other for a long time, now they want to talk peace.
They have been on our planet, observing, for several years.
They have been seen moving toward the center of the city.
They have been sitting here for three hours seventeen minutes.
They have been stopped at deck thirteen.
They have been treated and supplied with the proper medicines.
They have cancelled their distress call.
They have certain pleasure-enhancing qualities.
They have closed the channel.
They have come for us.
They have completed similar adjustments on two other Starfleet vessels.
They have discontinued their association.
They have discovered us!
They have escaped us.
They have explained the situation to him.
They have four limbs.
They have got a relaxation programme here, Jean-Luc, from Alture Seven.
They have joined forces with the Rutians against us.
They have joined us to report on the situation in the capital city.
They have length and width, but not height.
They have little regard for human life.
They have locked onto us, sir.
They have locked out the command functions.
They have lost their way.
They have made me possible.
They have many allies on the Council.
They have no intention of keeping their word.
They have no right to be here.
They have no weapons.
They have not been present since twenty three thirty two hours.
They have not caught up with us yet.
They have not detected us.
They have not responded.
They have nothing to feed themselves except for a small garden.
They have nothing to gain by betrayal.
They have proved most helpful in extracting the mineral.
They have re-established full shields.
They have reached the Cardassian vessel.
They have received medical attention.
They have received the message, Captain, but are ignoring it.
They have released the forcefield.
They have reported a disturbance in the Neutral Zone.
They have requested return of the renegades.
They have restored the servo link to the core.
They have returned, Mistress, but without Ramsey or the others.
They have saved your life more times than I can remember.
They have secured the loyalty of at least three fleet commanders.
They have shields, but it looks like their subspace systems are out.
They have sustained damage to twenty percent of their vessel.
They have switched to their lateral sensor array.
They have the ability to analyse and adapt, Commander.
They have the same anionic signature we saw on the biofilter scans.
They have to accept them.
They have to install five new shield generators and power supplies.
They have what they want.
They have, sir, precisely, and they're standing by for your signal.
They haven't always, but now they do.
They haven't been in service in over eighty years.
They haven't been installed yet.
They haven't got a clue.
They haven't hurt us, have they?
They haven't shut down.
They haven't tried to communicate with the outside.
They haven't.
They hurt my back.
They identify it as a Romulan scout ship.
They ignored every away team we sent to their ship, including yours, Doctor.
They illicitly used the emergency channel to draw you here.
They injected me with me drugs.
They insist all discussions will take place here on Mordan.
They insisted on waiting here until they see Kahless again.
They jumped at the prospect.
They just didn't know how to get out.
They just do.
They just go about it differently.
They just have to listen.
They just haven't been buried.
They just might.
They just shut down the internal scanners too, Captain.
They just tried to beam you up, back, whatever it is they call it.
They just vanished.
They killed hundreds of our people.
They knew him, they knew what he expected.
They knew nothing of their heritage.
They knew of your dissatisfaction.
They know each other.
They know everything I know, sir.
They know me.
They know only hatred, suspicion, and fear.
They know that felicium is no longer a medicine.
They know that the Ornarans no longer have the plague.
They know the Federation will send their best.
They know what we did.
They know who's in charge.
They know your weapons are useless against her, Captain.
They know, Nick.
They know.
They know?
They laughed.
They learned of a magnesite deposit on the Kalla system.
They left here at oh eight hundred hours.
They left their dead instead of vapourising them.
They left together.
They let them continue to believe that without the felicium they would die.
They let you escape with an arsenal of worthless secrets.
They lie.
They like you.
They live here on the outpost.
They look complicated.
They look forward to it all year.
They look like cellular clusters.
They look like dresses.
They look like me, I look like them.
They look like me.
They look like pieces of a standard sample container.
They look to you for guidance and for leadership.
They lost their signal lock on me.
They love contradiction.
They love each other.
They loved me.
They made a profit and behaved themselves.
They made everyone sick.
They made you human as part of your punishment?
They made you the lure to keep me here.
They make me uneasy.
They make serious accusations against you.
They make you feel on top of the world.
They managed to get their shields back up.
They manufactured sophisticated and highly advanced weaponry.
They may be attempting to initiate their warp drive.
They may be chemically compatible.
They may be here to help you.
They may be in the wrong job, they may be writing bad poetry.
They may be testing us.
They may be trapped somehow.
They may be turning to fight.
They may even start sending down away teams.
They may grow and learn.
They may have another way to control the particle surge.
They may have been able to maintain orbit.
They may have been attempting to eject their engine core.
They may have been delivering the number blocks to someone else.
They may have known what caused the trouble.
They may have known what these numbers mean.
They may leave.
They may lie ahead.
They may merely have poorly developed language skills.
They may need our help.
They may not be able to withstand another hit.
They may not be accurate.
They may not fully compensate for acceleration.
They may not offer you a target.
They may not teach that trick at the Academy, but it works.
They may provide a clue to my identity.
They may reveal something.
They may still have their memories.
They may want to test themselves in battle against a Federation starship.
They meant you no harm.
They met during his visit to Risa.
They met just after my great-grandmother's death.
They might be able to hide a base from our probe.
They might be facing the same thing up here.
They might be taking the ship to their home planet.
They might have assumed Captain Picard would know those defence plans.
They might have attacked before we got here.
They might have been able to repair their engines.
They might not even detect it.
They might think they don't need as much of their crew to hold the ship.
They must be destroyed.
They must be getting help.
They must be producing a type of endorphin that's poisonous to the organisms.
They must find their own destinies, Wesley.
They must have a base or a ship nearby.
They must have a lot of confidence in you now.
They must have been forced to abandon the ship.
They must have been posted to a lot of different assignments.
They must have been trying to reach me!
They must have fixed them.
They must have found a way to adapt.
They must have found out that there was a Maquis cell here.
They must have freed Commander Riker.
They must have made a core-dump from their world to our computer.
They must have taken us by surprise.
They must have tapped into the Yamato log.
They must have to like that person a lot.
They must not be permitted them to destroy us.
They must understand that they will have to detonate it immediately.
They must want something.
They must've known we'd change all his access codes and security protocols.
They must've left an audio monitoring system on.
They need Kahless.
They need a distraction.
They need a sign.
They need guidance.
They need him.
They need medical attention quickly.
They need moral leadership.
They need someone at Tactical.
They need the fastest ship in the fleet and the best people.
They need the practice.
They need to be much more powerful than Deanna's actual scent.
They need to see you immediately.
They need you at the debriefing.
They need you on the Bridge, now.
They needed an iron hand.
They needed more time.
They needed one another.
They needed these skills.
They never came.
They never knew anything had happened.
They never rematerialised.
They never seem to work for me.
They never would have nailed him if it hadn't been for you.
They no longer deserve our loyalty.
They now include a promise of cleaning the organisms and helping in repairs.
They omitted certain truths, which in itself tells us something.
They only live for twenty hours, then they all die.
They only manufactured five of them.
They operate as a single mind.
They paid us a visit.
They panic quickly under pressure.
They perished anyway.
They plague me.
They plan to settle Tau Cygna Five two days from now.
They pose no danger to humans.
They prefer to test their enemy's resolve.
They probably want to see what we're so interested in over here.
They programmed you while I was relaxing.
They range from two to three metres in height.
They read to us from it at the meetings.
They realise they're in Federation territory and attack the nearest outpost.
They really do.
They really knew how to party back in those days.
They refuse to accept further reports from you, Doctor.
They refuse to leave Dorvan Five.
They refuse to speak to me, only to a Federation mediator.
They refuse to transport back to the ship with the rest of Gowron's men.
They regenerate and keep coming.
They represent a grave threat to the security of the Federation.
They represent the fire that burns within the heart of a warrior.
They represent years of advanced genetic research.
They request that we monitor Federation subspace channels.
They require a firm hand.
They require medical attention.
They respect you, too.
They return home, leaving the assistant manager in charge.
They revealed nothing of any importance.
They reverted to a simpler existence?
They roam the galaxy looking for something, they know not what.
They robbed you of your right to die in battle.
They routinely monitor the telemetry of our deep space probes.
They said that too, Data.
They said they were under attack.
They said they'd kill anyone who talked about what happened.
They said you were dead.
They said you were good.
They say it's because I use my natural sensors in different ways.
They say the colours are remarkably vibrant for their age.
They say they are escorting a peace envoy from Romulus to Vulcan.
They say they will brook no excuses.
They say when one loses a sense, the other senses become stronger to compensate.
They say you never told the true story about Galon Two.
They say you will be doing this manually, sir.
They say you've come to stay with us.
They scattered my people throughout the galaxy.
They seek out and destroy all forms of DNA they encounter.
They seem mainly curious.
They seem normal enough.
They seem to be as immutable as ordinary matter.
They seem to be communicating telepathically.
They seem to be creatures of extremes.
They seem to be focusing in this direction, coalescing here.
They seem to be in an awful hurry.
They seem to be preparing for a more aggressive military posture.
They seem to be re-programming the commands I have entered.
They seem to be scattered in small cells around the Zone.
They seem to have developed a genuine rapport.
They seem to have irreparable damage to their warp coils.
They seem to have made it succeed.
They seem to have made some technological leaps forward, Commander.
They seem to need a sense of continuity.
They seemed to enjoy the performance thoroughly.
They sent you here to settle me down?
They serve me.
They settled on Camor Five.
They shattered the sample container.
They should add that Starfleet has permitted several civilisations to fall.
They should be hailing us soon.
They should be returning to your coordinates, sir.
They should happen very quickly, sir.
They should lead us to the detention area.
They should never have come here.
They should not have done that.
They should've expelled all of us.
They should.
They shouldn't be so confident after the pasting we gave them on Archer Four.
They show no symptoms.
They showed improvement, so I administered this to him.
They shunned you.
They simply are not interested in it.
They sound hungry.
They stand by those windows and they look out and the stare.
They start with the hands, and go from there.
They started out together.
They steal technology.
They still believe.
They still have not signalled?
They still have to be proved.
They still have us.
They still hold it, every year.
They still refuse to communicate and I am growing concerned.
They struggled together against a common foe, the beast at Tanagra.
They suggested we reprogram the system to correct the read-out variables.
They support a weak hand.
They suspected nothing.
They sustained considerable damage, Captain.
They talk much, yet say little.
They teach us all about it.
They tell us who we are.
They tend to get temperamental.
They themselves simply don't want to have contact with anyone from the outside.
They think I'm a Boraalan.
They think he's committed a murder.
They think that I'm behaving erratically.
They think the convoy is too big a target.
They think we're dead and they're having a party.
They think you're destroyed.
They thought he was jeopardising the ship.
They thought that I had been killed in the beam out.
They threaten everything we respect.
They thrive on challenge.
They time how long I remain unconscious.
They told me I was not supposed to be up here.
They told me you'd be here.
They took control of Counsellor Troi's body to communicate with us.
They took everything I was.
They took everything.
They took our world apart piece by piece.
They took them away.
They took this path.
They tortured my father to death and I was forced to watch.
They trade a great deal with the Romulans.
They traded our birthright so they could die in their sleep.
They tried to decommission her about five years ago.
They tried to shut down an experiment they didn't understand.
They tried to use it as a nest.
They trust me.
They trust you.
They understand only this.
They understand the stakes.
They used me to kill and to destroy, and I couldn't stop them.
They used their crimson force field.
They very nearly did.
They walk on eggshells around you.
They want an update on our ETA.
They want instant knowledge, instant power and gratification.
They want me to take over as Commandant, Starfleet Academy.
They want something from us, something we value greatly.
They want the talks to be successful.
They want to go home.
They want to keep us off balance.
They want to keep you, you know.
They want to know how feasible it is.
They want to know us.
They want to know when we will be joining the search.
They want to know when we'll be docking.
They want to know where you're from.
They want to meet you.
They want to renew negotiations.
They want us to find it.
They want you to influence others to follow them.
They want you to move over, sir.
They want you.
They wanted a fight.
They wanted proof.
They wanted the best.
They wanted to find out how much I knew about their operation.
They wanted to see if we would fire.
They wanted us to leave Rana and that's exactly what we're doing.
They warn us when an enemy is approaching.
They went into this with their eyes open.
They went to a lot of trouble to lure a Federation team to that planet.
They went to an awful lot of trouble to clear computer space.
They were a part of me.
They were able to communicate with me quite.
They were able to raise the shields in time.
They were adamant.
They were after me, Number One.
They were all a little more in touch with themselves.
They were all fiction, written for my benefit.
They were all killed.
They were all sucked out into space.
They were also my friends.
They were always on the move.
They were attacking me.
They were being held in prison just outside the Prytt capital.
They were born in Secaucus, that's in Jersey.
They were brutal.
They were collecting information.
They were designed to resist disease.
They were destroyed with your ship.
They were dying.
They were exceptionally innovative.
They were fast, aggressive, almost vicious.
They were flying a close formation.
They were found in crates marked Medical Supplies.
They were friends.
They were from the freighter Batris.
They were given the defense access code!
They were heading two four seven, mark zero five nine.
They were hired simply to take you to Federation space.
They were in Lieutenant Kelly's body as well.
They were in danger.
They were in perfect health.
They were infected.
They were just exiled to Lunar Five.
They were just playing dead.
They were just there, in the room.
They were killed in battle when I was six.
They were like children to us.
They were more than my interpreters.
They were moving across my skin.
They were murdered.
They were my family.
They were my toys when I was small.
They were never off.
They were no match for us.
They were not happy here.
They were not off the cruiser.
They were not welcome here.
They were not words exactly.
They were not!
They were outraged.
They were planning on blowing up the entire conference.
They were programmed to laugh at everything.
They were ready to break orbit an hour ago.
They were sealed off more than a century ago.
They were so small, and they lasted only a second.
They were struggling for the weapon?
They were taken aboard first?
They were together practically the entire time we were on the planet.
They were trying to determine our intent.
They were very accurate about everyone I tested with.
They were victorious.
They were warned that anyone transporting down to the colony would be killed.
They were well worth it.
They were working in the second lab.
They were young.
They were, finally, all that we had.
They weren't probed.
They will accept no one else.
They will arrive shortly.
They will be cautious.
They will be coming.
They will be destroyed.
They will be doing everything they can to avoid it.
They will be found.
They will be tried and executed, sir.
They will believe that you have been destroyed.
They will care for you.
They will deliver you there.
They will die in the gravity well.
They will follow this ship until you exhaust your fuel.
They will follow.
They will have to leave before that.
They will help you re-learn how to control your muscles again.
They will kill you.
They will lead you there.
They will live their lives and never know any difference.
They will make a leap of faith and there will be others just like them.
They will need to regroup near Beta Lankal.
They will not be so willing to admit their own dishonour.
They will not believe you.
They will not discuss terms with me.
They will not go to war.
They will not initiate anything.
They will not intervene.
They will not meet with any other member of the Federation.
They will not pay us until they get both pieces.
They will now attempt to negotiate for the safety and release of their people.
They will perceive you as a Starfleet officer, perhaps with your own agenda.
They will pick up Reyga's body then.
They will remain here for now.
They will resist us.
They will scan the debris and discover I was not aboard.
They will send a replacement.
They will take no provocative action unless I order them.
They will take us.
They will wait for you to commit yourself.
They will want to get as far away from Rutia as they can.
They will wear down your defences.
They wish to beam the Miller wedding party aboard.
They won't allow it.
They won't attack us with you on board.
They won't back off.
They won't be able to beam anyone through the field.
They won't be very effective.
They won't bite you.
They won't bother you after I'm gone.
They won't come to the ship?
They won't find us here.
They won't get the chance.
They won't give you what you want.
They won't go quickly.
They won't hurt us.
They won't know how much you know.
They won't let you get away with it.
They won't listen to you!
They won't protect you any longer.
They won't run away from it.
They won't understand.
They work very quickly, but it'll be very tight.
They worry about my health, Captain.
They would annihilate one other, causing a rupture in space.
They would answer if they could.
They would get even younger.
They would have easy access to the Array.
They would have kept it simple.
They would have no compunctions about exterminating the intruders.
They would keep me alive for another week.
They would learn about alien worlds, starships.
They would like to know how you would endure.
They would never be combined with a third glyph.
They would not acknowledge that their warriors had been taken prisoner.
They would not exist without me.
They would overwhelm you.
They would see that as deception.
They would teach you how to be a warrior, prepare you for the Rite of Ascension.
They would think you were trying to infiltrate our society.
They wouldn't be searching the shuttle if they had the artefact.
They wouldn't follow us.
They wouldn't intentionally hide it or make it difficult for us to find.
They wouldn't stand a chance.
They'd be so much more entertained if you tried to figure it out.
They'd kill all of us?
They'll all die when the cargo bay hatch is blown.
They'll ask us, is it true?
They'll attack.
They'll be back for you soon.
They'll be back.
They'll be in firing range in, in twenty seconds.
They'll be more cautious after the last incident.
They'll be pleased that.
They'll be ready for that.
They'll come back.
They'll decide.
They'll find exactly what they thought they'd find.
They'll find you.
They'll give her these psychotectic treatments.
They'll have to learn to live with it.
They'll help take us into the real world.
They'll join us in a minute.
They'll know something's penetrated the shields.
They'll know the truth, Admiral.
They'll last longest.
They'll learn and adapt.
They'll need to speak to you as well, Captain.
They'll never detect it.
They'll never think to look for you this far away.
They'll only be vulnerable for an instant as they become visible.
They'll send a ship for us.
They'll think it's a raid by the Coalition.
They'll torture them and then they'll kill them.
They'll try to stop you.
They'll want you back.
They're Antedean delegates.
They're Klingon, aren't they?
They're a genocidal race determined to destroy us.
They're a little shy.
They're a surly bunch, actually, so don't drag this out too long.
They're a training device.
They're about to disembark.
They're absurd!
They're acquiring ships, weapons.
They're adapting to the frequencies.
They're afraid you'll destroy the peace treaty.
They're all alike.
They're all fine, too.
They're all going to die.
They're all gone?
They're all here.
They're all images of something being constructed.
They're all in a regeneration mode.
They're all in range.
They're all online.
They're all so different from one another yet they work together freely.
They're all sopping over with compassion and forgiveness.
They're all trying to hijack the train.
They're all uninhabited and could be colonised immediately.
They're all very interesting.
They're almost identical.
They're also time dependent.
They're always together.
They're among the walking dead now.
They're animals.
They're anthropologists.
They're archaic by our standards, very touchy.
They're arming phasers and loading forward torpedo bays.
They're arming photon torpedoes.
They're as bad as humans.
They're as fast and probably just as manoeuvrable.
They're at eighty three rads and rising at a rate of about four rads per minute.
They're at level two.
They're attempting to engage their transporters.
They're balancing the power absorption rates.
They're beautiful, Data.
They're beginning to align.
They're being stored here temporarily.
They're blank.
They're blocking her sensitivity.
They're bonding gifts.
They're booked solid for planetary observation.
They're both going to be okay.
They're both symbols of consumption.
They're both the same.
They're both thinking the same thing, if that's what you mean.
They're bouncing on the bed.
They're brothers, Data.
They're burned.
They're called Corvan gilvos.
They're called lynars, a kind of Celtrine bat.
They're called the Borg.
They're calling for help.
They're certainly being thorough.
They're certainly not Jarada or Romulans.
They're changing course, heading back to Romulan space.
They're charging their weapons, sir.
They're clear of the Borg field, sir.
They're closing on us!
They're coming along fine, but that's not what I'm here to talk to you about.
They're coming back through.
They're coming for a third pass at us, sir!
They're coming in now.
They're coming with the storm.
They're coming, Commander.
They're curious, yes.
They're cutting into the hull.
They're dangerous.
They're dead, Jameson.
They're dead.
They're delaying on purpose.
They're delicious.
They're designed to enter living cells and conduct repairs.
They're desperate for weapons or technology of any kind.
They're determined by experience, mostly from early childhood.
They're different species from different planets.
They're different.
They're disengaging their cloaking device.
They're dormant, sir.
They're down, too.
They're dropping their shields.
They're early.
They're either unaware of me or choosing to ignore me.
They're elusive.
They're en route.
They're estimating deaths in the millions, sir.
They're evil.
They're extremely fattening.
They're finally sending a message.
They're fine.
They're firing on Farpoint, sir!
They're firing.
They're forcing a difficult decision on me, Counsellor.
They're friends.
They're going to be expanded.
They're going to be on alert.
They're going to be with us for a while.
They're going to beam us out of here any day now.
They're going to come after us, you know that.
They're going to fall for it.
They're going to make a break for it.
They're going to put you out of a job, Geordi.
They're going to require evacuation.
They're going to take me whether I want to go or not.
They're going to wait for us to come out.
They're gone, sir.
They're good officers.
They're hailing us, sir.
They're harmless.
They're having a little difficulty controlling the feedback.
They're heading for us, sir.
They're heading through section five.
They're here for their tour.
They're here to take back the Uthat.
They're here, sir.
They're hitting the old Bandi city, not Farpoint Station.
They're home.
They're hoping you know, but they're too arrogant to ask.
They're human beings fighting for survival.
They're ignoring our hail, sir.
They're ignoring the saucer section completely.
They're ignoring us.
They're in reasonably good health.
They're in stasis.
They're in the same predicament as us.
They're in turbolift four.
They're in!
They're increasing power to their forward weapon grid.
They're just as puzzled.
They're just dead ends.
They're just ionic fluctuations, sir.
They're just more serious than we are.
They're just not suited for those positions.
They're just out of phase.
They're just reacting to our close pursuit.
They're just waiting to see what you're going to do.
They're keyed to accept symbols.
They're laughing at me.
They're leaving.
They're like roaches, scurrying for the dark corner.
They're living, sentient beings.
They're looking for that little star they call home.
They're looking for you now.
They're looking out for me.
They're lost, defeated.
They're lovely.
They're lying.
They're mad.
They're made in a plant in Dakar, Senegal.
They're manoeuvring to come between the Enterprise and Rana Four.
They're more efficient than ours.
They're moving faster than expected, further than they should.
They're moving off, sir.
They're my personal laws.
They're no longer involved.
They're no longer simply mindless automatons.
They're no match for the Enterprise.
They're not coming back.
They're not concerned with honour, Worf.
They're not convinced that you are fully Q.
They're not curious or concerned as to why?
They're not dead.
They're not delegates.
They're not doing anything.
They're not even looking for you.
They're not expecting any for another eight months.
They're not gentlemen, or ladies, Commander.
They're not going to be satisfied with anyone less than the Captain.
They're not going to follow you.
They're not going to get away with it this time.
They're not going to give you medkits just because you ask for them.
They're not going to take any risks.
They're not here.
They're not interested in political conquest, wealth or power as you know it.
They're not lying about controlling space and time.
They're not made anymore.
They're not mean.
They're not much to look at but they taste good.
They're not removable, are they, Data?
They're not sacred.
They're not taking those Vulcan ships home with them.
They're not the same as we are.
They're not transmitting identification codes.
They're nothing more than children.
They're okay too.
They're on the visitors' list.
They're on their way.
They're on your desk.
They're only moving at warp one, Commander.
They're only trying to help.
They're only victims.
They're our allies now, Mister Worf.
They're our guests, Mister Worf.
They're our young.
They're out here waiting to see you, sir.
They're out of proportion.
They're packing, as a matter of fact, since we can no longer remain here.
They're part of the underground movement.
They're passionate.
They're poisoned.
They're powering up the transporter, Commander.
They're prepared to talk, sir.
They're preparing to activate their warp drive, Commander.
They're preparing to beam you away and take you to their ship.
They're preparing to fire.
They're pressing lips.
They're probably like these Bynars here.
They're pulling us in.
They're razor sharp, split-second lethal.
They're reacting faster than we can shift frequencies.
They're reading as a point of subspace energy.
They're really great people and I like them a lot, but they're kind of serious.
They're really harmless.
They're requesting immediate assistance.
They're responsible for new starship development.
They're returning fire.
They're right, Baran, and you know it.
They're running some warp field tests.
They're running, sir.
They're safe, for now.
They're safer.
They're scanning our last position.
They're sending up a missile, Father.
They're serving spiny lobe-fish today.
They're simply interested in your ship, its technology.
They're slowing.
They're so different.
They're so inconvenient.
They're so odd.
They're so subdued.
They're some kind of magnetometric guided charges.
They're standing by, Captain.
They're starting to overload, and could eventually go critical.
They're staying.
They're still apologising to me for the last time.
They're still at it.
They're still here!
They're still inside.
They're still moving off, sir.
They're still waiting for us to make up our minds.
They're still your people.
They're stopping her from seeing the truth.
They're suffering from some kind of chromosomal damage.
They're supposed to remain confined to the lab.
They're sure spending a lot of time over there.
They're sure this is going to work?
They're taking all the adults down to the surface.
They're taking me to dinner.
They're tall and strong and lovely.
They're tapping directly into the bloodstream.
They're terrified of me.
They're terrified.
They're terrorists, damn it.
They're that sophisticated.
They're the ones you should be investigating, not Captain Maxwell.
They're these little tiny robots with gigabytes of mechanical computer memory.
They're threatening to attack the Enterprise.
They're too far away.
They're too many minds.
They're too much for us.
They're treating us like gods.
They're trying to comprehend what they believe to be a god.
They're trying to distort the particle stream frequency.
They're typical of second century Marlonian cookware.
They're unconscious but they're alive.
They're under attack.
They're unlike any threat your Federation has ever faced.
They're up to something, sir.
They're using a polarity coil generator located aft of their warp drive.
They're using the beams as a detection field.
They're very bad burns.
They're very defenseless creatures, really.
They're very difficult to break down.
They're very intelligent, but very flighty.
They're very much in love, but sometimes that isn't enough.
They're waiting for us back at Sherwood Forest.
They're waiting for you in the observation lounge, sir.
They're waiting on me hand and foot.
They're what?
They're wild in some ways, actually puritanical in others.
They're willing to communicate on visual.
They're with Worf on deck seventeen.
They're within transporter range, sir.
They're women.
They're wondering what we're going to do next.
They're working with the police.
They're working.
They're worried about Romulan eavesdropping on this one.
They're worried about making mistakes, and they need some encouragement.
They're worried because we've got access to Picard.
They're worried.
They're your brothers, your sons, and you turned your backs on them.
They've aggravated the injury to his renal organ.
They've agreed to meet with you in Darthen tomorrow.
They've already adapted to the new frequencies.
They've already set up a remote security lock out.
They've armed another full spread, sir.
They've attacked us in every encounter.
They've been arguing for hours in there.
They've been at war for so long, it has become personal.
They've been beating us over the head with it for three days.
They've been blood enemies for seventy five years.
They've been declared enemies of the state.
They've been here recently.
They've been in there for almost six hours.
They've been invaluable, Commander.
They've been made fully aware of the situation, sir.
They've been on board for months.
They've been operating in this sector for the last six months.
They've been out there a long time, Data.
They've been oxygen deprived.
They've been scanning that comet for the past eighteen hours.
They've been stable ever since the beam was restored.
They've been there for about twenty years.
They've been trying to create a stable threshold.
They've been waiting a long time for this.
They've been willing to fight to the death in past encounters.
They've broken off transmission.
They've broken through a security field, deck ten, section two.
They've cloaked themselves.
They've come from the future.
They've damaged our power systems, sir.
They've declared war on our way of life.
They've developed from biological matter we have on the ship.
They've disengaged the link-up, Doctor.
They've done something to the forcefields on deck ten, section one.
They've established a village in a small valley on the southern continent.
They've fired a missile directly at the opening, sir.
They've found no debris, no residual warp distortion.
They've found us!
They've given away their humanity with this genetic manipulation.
They've given me a life.
They've got a chocolate there, Counsellor, you would love.
They've got eyes only for the programme.
They've got it locked on somehow.
They've got it.
They've got some strange laws here.
They've got thousands more.
They've got to be around here somewhere.
They've got two or three generations, then the fading will be terminal.
They've granted you safe passage.
They've had four days to decide!
They've identified it as a glitch in the system.
They've identified it as something they can consume.
They've identified their Captain as Bok.
They've insisted on using their own transporter device, sir.
They've just been posted to the Bilaren system.
They've just learned to repress them.
They've locked it off.
They've managed to turn a dubious scientific endeavour into dogma.
They've never bothered me.
They've never come out this far before.
They've never shown themselves.
They've overpowered the shields.
They've picked a fine officer for the task force, Commander.
They've prescribed peridaxon.
They've ransacked our research facilities, our trade routes have been disrupted.
They've requested assistance as soon as Argh!
They've sealed us in.
They've set course for Klingon territory.
They've spotted us.
They've stopped at deck eighteen, sir.
They've stopped transmitting.
They've sustained heavy damage.
They've taken hostages.
They've taken me for the last few nights.
They've taken my son.
They've taken what they want.
They've trapped us.
They've tried, Doctor Crusher.
They, they've been fine.
Thine Own Self Bridge Officer's log, stardate 47611.2.
Things I could not provide for him.
Things are changing.
Things are getting worse.
Things are going to happen fast.
Things are not what they once were in the Senate.
Things are only impossible until they're not.
Things have deteriorated steadily.
Things never went back to the way they used to be.
Things that I would wish for would just suddenly appear.
Things that make us go.
Things that you can't answer for him.
Things to make it go.
Things we need.
Things were never easy between us, were they?
Things would be different.
Think I could meet him?
Think I should give it a try?
Think about it while we're waiting for Geordi.
Think about it, Mister Potts.
Think about it, Mister Worf.
Think about them.
Think about this.
Think about your parents.
Think back.
Think fast, Commander Riker, and move fast.
Think how many died on both sides in that war.
Think imaginatively!
Think more about what you want to say instead of how you're saying it.
Think nothing more of it.
Think nothing of it.
Think of giving him some of your strength.
Think of him as someone you care deeply about.
Think of it another way.
Think of it as a going away present.
Think of it as more of a contest.
Think of it, Dee.
Think of it, think of it as an empty sky.
Think of my future.
Think of something else.
Think of the advantages.
Think of the possibilities.
Think of the things I will accomplish over the next thousand years!
Think of them as a single, collective being.
Think of what you have to look forward to.
Think promotion.
Think so?
Think what it would mean.
Think what you want.
Think!
Think, Picard, think.
Think, Tallera.
Think, my dear.
Thinking of you working on the ocean floor.
Third and final trip.
Third of Five, this is Doctor Crusher.
Third time today.
Thirsty?
Thirteen sixty five baker.
Thirteen thousand, four hundred kilometres, sir.
Thirteenth Century, sir.
Thirty couples are enough to create a viable genetic base.
Thirty five thousand kellicams.
Thirty minutes, Number One.
Thirty minutes.
Thirty nine?
Thirty one point nine metres above and to the right of us.
Thirty seconds remaining.
Thirty seconds to impact, sir.
Thirty seconds to impact.
Thirty seconds to intercept.
Thirty seconds to seal off.
Thirty seconds, Sir.
Thirty seconds.
Thirty seven degrees north and sixty two degrees east.
Thirty seven through thirty nine.
Thirty six minutes to orbit, sir.
Thirty six minutes, sir.
Thirty square kilometres.
Thirty three hundred degrees.
Thirty years.
Thirty, forty seconds.
This Borg disconnected himself from the others.
This Bridge should be four decks above us.
This Dixon Hill is a most puzzling character.
This Enterprise?
This I think you should see for yourself.
This Kahless, did he ever take a mate?
This Palmer is one of the Overseer's servants?
This Picard pattern was formed before he went out there.
This Romulan accomplice, who is he?
This Romulan didn't murder your parents.
This Romulan, Pardek, had no support at home.
This Sickbay, I've never seen like it, even on a starbase.
This T-cell has begun to activate his latent introns.
This Tilonian pendant is equipped with a communicator circuit.
This a ship of peace.
This afternoon, I am only a voice in a chorus.
This afternoon, if you're ready.
This agreement is far from perfect.
This ain't Kansas City.
This air's pretty stale.
This all could be very unsettling to them.
This anomaly we're looking for, will that destroy humanity?
This apparel will allow you to pass as a common merchant.
This appears quite different.
This appears to be the instrument Doctor Manheim described.
This appears to be the primary access module for the central government.
This arbitration is adjourned.
This area is not designated for children.
This asteroid contains several deep chasms large enough for a starship to enter.
This beam is emanating from Aldea.
This biochemical stasis, does it suppress synaptic functions?
This body is just a host.
This body is not mine.
This boy.
This brace is reminiscent of
This buffer is out of alignment.
This bug is persistent, I'll admit that.
This came in about three weeks ago.
This can be a little complicated.
This can't be right.
This can't be.
This cannot be happening.
This cannot wait.
This cell casing is already beginning to break down.
This chamber is accessed from the level below.
This charade will accomplish nothing, Picard.
This chasm is large enough for us to manoeuvre in.
This child is in better health than we are.
This child is supposed to bring them together.
This child's family wrongly took your name and your honour from you.
This class starship has enough power to use our tractor beam on it.
This colony exists because generations gave their lives for it.
This concept of morality is a very interesting human characteristic.
This concerns me more than it does any of you.
This condition could just reverse itself time.
This conflict was started by mistakes on both sides.
This connection should fit the coupling on your arm.
This console has tactical configuration?
This constant telepathy with the Cairn.
This contradicts everything we know about holodeck physics.
This contraption, for instance.
This conversation, for example, will stay between us.
This could affect the very core of our organisation.
This could all soon be over.
This could be a prelude to an invasion.
This could be a sign that you're a real actor.
This could be created by volcanic activity.
This could be interesting.
This could be some kind of a trick.
This could be the catalyst which binds them together.
This could be the result of lack of REM sleep.
This could stimulate the brain's neural synapses into regenerating.
This could take hours.
This couldn't have waited a moment?
This court stands adjourned.
This creature is not what she appears to be.
This culture will be assimilated.
This delay had better prove out, LaForge.
This did happen.
This disc must contain some very valuable information.
This discussion is moot.
This discussion is over.
This does concern her.
This does not remind me of you.
This doesn't concern you.
This doesn't have to happen again.
This doesn't inspire my confidence.
This doesn't look like it belongs to you.
This doesn't make any sense.
This doesn't work.
This dosage should prevent any further empathic flashes.
This duty roster is unacceptable.
This energy vortex has just appeared beneath us.
This entire mystery started when our sensors detected that planet.
This entire planet has been turned into a power accumulator.
This entire ship seems built on comfort, relaxation, being at ease.
This entire situation is a little unnerving.
This entire structure could be shielded from our sensors.
This equipment was designed for a different era.
This equipment will have to be confiscated.
This experiment may hold the key to something I have sought all my life.
This file utilises the prototype engine schematic.
This first encounter, coming so suddenly after all this time.
This flower is given to express love.
This game is exceedingly simple.
This game is now wearing very thin.
This game shall in fact be completely unfair.
This gift is meant to remind me of that.
This gives me the right.
This goes against my better judgment.
This guy knows all the tricks, doesn't he.
This guy's incredible.
This ha'DIbaH should have been fed to the dogs!
This hand, the game is Federation Day.
This has all been so wonderful.
This has already been approved by Starfleet Command.
This has been a most pleasant conversation, but we must return to our research.
This has been a strain on our friendship.
This has been a terrible mistake.
This has been an enlightening experience.
This has been an interesting encounter, and an altogether unexpected one.
This has been coming for some time.
This has been hard on all of us.
This has been so hard for you.
This has gone far enough, Data.
This has gone far enough.
This has gone on long enough!
This has gone too far.
This has indicated that I am damaged in some fashion.
This has never been done before.
This has never been seen before.
This has nothing to do with me.
This has nothing to do with ship's business, Number One.
This has proved to be incorrect.
This has to be a simple, clear message.
This has to be another one of Q's games.
This has to be the transfer point.
This has to do with taking James and me into the real world.
This honourable court is adjourned.
This house originally belonged to Sir Isaac Newton when he held the position.
This hurts.
This idea of time travel is not so far fetched as it might seem.
This information is very cleverly hidden.
This inquiry is closed.
This intelligence that swims naked through space like a fish in the sea.
This invention will finally do that.
This is Acting Captain Data.
This is Admiral Aaron, and I believe you already know Admiral Quinn.
This is Beverly, Doctor Beverly, Doctor Beverly Crusher.
This is Boratus.
This is Captain Beverly Picard.
This is Captain Garrett of the Starship Enterprise, to any Federation ship.
This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation starship Enterprise.
This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation, of a Federation starship.
This is Captain Kargan of the Klingon vessel, the Pagh.
This is Captain Kurn of the Hegh'ta.
This is Captain Morgan Bateson of the Federation Starship Bozeman.
This is Captain Picard aboard the Starfleet vessel Enterprise.
This is Captain Picard and I am giving you an order.
This is Captain Picard of the Enterprise.
This is Captain Picard of the USS Enterprise.
This is Captain Picard representing the United Federation of Planets.
This is Captain Riker of the Enterprise.
This is Captain.
This is Cardassian territory, Captain.
This is Chief Engineer Logan.
This is Chief Medical Officer Katherine Pulaski.
This is Chief O'Brien, sir.
This is Clara Sutter.
This is Clark.
This is Command Headquarters of Daled Four.
This is Commander Data.
This is Commander Hutchinson.
This is Commander Riker of the USS Enterprise.
This is Commander Riker's meeting.
This is Commander Riker, First Officer of the Enterprise.
This is Commander Riker, aboard the Enterprise.
This is Commander Riker, go ahead.
This is Commander Riker.
This is Commander Toreth.
This is Commander William Riker of the USS Enterprise.
This is Commander William Riker.
This is Commander William T.
This is Counsellor Deanna Troi from the USS Enterprise.
This is Crusher.
This is Data's poetry.
This is Data's second trip.
This is Data, standing by to beam up.
This is Data.
This is Deanna Troi, ship's Counsellor.
This is Deep Space Five.
This is Doctor Arridor, go ahead.
This is Doctor Ja'Dar to all stations.
This is Doctor Katherine Pulaski.
This is Doctor Paul Manheim.
This is Doctor Toby Russell.
This is Ensign Calloway, isn't it?
This is Ensign Hayes, sir.
This is Ensign Ro reporting in.
This is Federation territory.
This is Geordi.
This is Glin Telak aboard the Vetar.
This is Ishara.
This is J'Dan's.
This is Jean-Luc Picard, Captain of the USS Enterprise.
This is Jenice Manheim.
This is Joret Dal.
This is Karnas.
This is Lal.
This is Lieutenant Aquiel Uhnari.
This is Lieutenant Commander Data of the Federation Starship Enterprise.
This is Lieutenant Commander Data speaking for the Captain.
This is Lieutenant Commander Data.
This is Lieutenant Commander Geordi La Forge, Counsellor Deanna Troi.
This is Lieutenant Commander La Forge.
This is Lieutenant Konmel.
This is Lieutenant La Forge in guest quarter seventeen.
This is Lieutenant La Forge, Captain.
This is Lieutenant Yar, sir.
This is Lwaxana Troi.
This is Madeline, my secretary, and I want you to meet Rex.
This is Marissa, Jay Gordon, and Patterson.
This is Morta.
This is Nails, from Chicago.
This is Odan.
This is One Zero.
This is Picard of the Enterprise.
This is Premier Bhavani of Barzan.
This is Prime Minister Horath's headquarters.
This is Proconsul M'ret and his aides.
This is Ramos.
This is Riker on the Enterprise.
This is Riker.
This is Sakkath, his personal assistant.
This is Salia of Daled Four.
This is Security Relay Station One.
This is Shuttlebay two.
This is Sub-Commander Taris of the Haakona.
This is T'Jon.
This is Ten Forward.
This is Vash, a member of the Archaeology Council.
This is Vash.
This is Yar.
This is Zorn, Captain.
This is a Federation ship.
This is a Napean design.
This is a Silvan glyph stone.
This is a Terellian cargo freighter, isn't it?
This is a beautiful place to put down roots.
This is a big mistake.
This is a biospectral analysis of the temporal aperture.
This is a blue ocean at sunset.
This is a blue ocean.
This is a briefing.
This is a cage.
This is a comparison of the normal and altered DNA.
This is a confession given by me, Jean-Luc Picard commanding USS Stargazer.
This is a crisis I cannot resolve.
This is a cross section of my positronic net.
This is a dangerous creature.
This is a date to note in our history books.
This is a diplomatic matter, Morag!
This is a family heirloom and I intend to keep it.
This is a form of intimidation.
This is a futile effort.
This is a general grid of the tunnel system.
This is a genetronic replicator.
This is a gin'tak spear.
This is a great opportunity.
This is a great time to be alive.
This is a hell of a time.
This is a hydrogen atom.
This is a jigsaw puzzle whose pieces are scattered across the galaxy.
This is a matter between Dobara and me.
This is a matter of life and death.
This is a merciful court.
This is a micrograph of what's happened to Data's positronic net.
This is a mistake, Aaron.
This is a misunderstanding.
This is a moment in history.
This is a most stupendous undertaking.
This is a new base.
This is a one shot.
This is a primitive culture.
This is a proximity-actuated field.
This is a rare case when our interests and theirs coincide.
This is a rash decision, ill considered.
This is a result of the experimental interface?
This is a routine procedure.
This is a space baby, right?
This is a surprise.
This is a synaptic map of the human neo-cortex.
This is a traditional gift?
This is a typical tactic.
This is a very complex set of variables to coordinate, Doctor.
This is a very delicate situation.
This is a very fragile time for Jono.
This is a very old argument.
This is a very ritualistic culture based on symbol and myth.
This is a very special day, Picard.
This is a violation of protocol.
This is a warrior's armour.
This is a waste of time, Baran.
This is a working machine.
This is a worthy Federation competitors in the bidding, Leyor of the Caldonians.
This is about you.
This is absurd!
This is all about profit.
This is all beginning to make sense.
This is all just beginning.
This is all new to me.
This is all part of a programme?
This is all that was left from their computer system.
This is all you've brought?
This is an acceptable offer.
This is an amazing achievement.
This is an emergency communique.
This is an exocomp, the experiment I was telling you about.
This is an historic achievement, Hannah.
This is an historic confrontation, correct?
This is an impatient baby.
This is an intolerable situation.
This is an unhappy way to begin commencement.
This is an urgent call for Captain Picard.
This is another change in the Borg behaviour.
This is as real as your so called life gets.
This is becoming more than just a role to you.
This is becoming very tiresome.
This is between you and me.
This is blinding me.
This is blue.
This is called a banana split.
This is called a falla bush.
This is close enough, Ensign.
This is crazy.
This is curious.
This is definitely part of a programme.
This is delicious; what is it?
This is different than I remember.
This is different.
This is difficult to say, but you have a right to hear it.
This is down.
This is dressing for a game that we will play.
This is engineering, not helm control.
This is exactly why they want you to join them.
This is exceedingly difficult.
This is exploitation, pure and simple!
This is extraordinary.
This is extremely frustrating.
This is fine.
This is foolish.
This is for you, Jean-Luc.
This is for you.
This is for your benefit.
This is for your trouble.
This is formerly Lieutenant Commander Data of the Federation Starfleet.
This is from Alexander.
This is from Europe's Napoleonic era, sir.
This is from the first examination.
This is futile.
This is geology, not malevolence.
This is getting on my nerves, now that I have them.
This is getting us nowhere.
This is going nowhere.
This is going to be exciting.
This is going to be with you a long time, Jean-Luc.
This is going to help me?
This is going to sound pretty wild.
This is going to take a little time to explain.
This is going to take time, Worf.
This is going to work.
This is great.
This is hardly a time to be teaching you the true nature of the universe.
This is healing beautifully.
This is heart of targ.
This is highly improbable.
This is highly unusual.
This is his home.
This is his last entry.
This is home, Lal.
This is hopeless.
This is how they'll look in ten years.
This is how you've helped us, by bringing this plague?
This is idiotic.
This is important.
This is in direct violation of the intentions of our founders, Aaron.
This is infamous.
This is information you already know.
This is insane.
This is insubordination, Mister Barclay.
This is interesting.
This is intolerable.
This is it, Commander.
This is just a sample.
This is just a tap on the shoulder, or we wouldn't be here talking about it.
This is just a thing, and things can be replaced.
This is just another page in history, isn't it?
This is like being on a roller coaster.
This is ludicrous.
This is more than a surprise.
This is more valuable to us as a coolant or disinfectant.
This is much closer.
This is much more complex.
This is much more powerful.
This is my Chief of Staff, Elizabeth Vallis.
This is my Executive Officer, Commander William Riker.
This is my First Officer, Commander Riker.
This is my First One, Yareena.
This is my Head of Security, Lieutenant Worf.
This is my Secondary, Hagon.
This is my Security Chief, Lieutenant Worf.
This is my associate Deanna Troi.
This is my brother, Worf.
This is my design we're talking about.
This is my family.
This is my fault.
This is my first time aboard a Federation starship.
This is my friend, D'Tan.
This is my gift to the Victory's Captain Zimbata.
This is my home now.
This is my home.
This is my interpretation of the Battle of HarOS.
This is my life I'm talking about here.
This is my place.
This is my sanctuary.
This is my ship.
This is my sister.
This is my squadron leader, Nicholas Locarno.
This is my stop.
This is my twenty-sixth voyage to Brekka.
This is neutral space, Gul Dolak.
This is no different than any other dispute requiring your services.
This is no fantasy, I assure you.
This is no small favour, Captain.
This is no way to live.
This is nonsense.
This is not Alrik.
This is not a Borg identification.
This is not a Klingon ship, sir.
This is not a battle, Worf.
This is not a bright idea.
This is not a case of simple fatigue.
This is not a case of simple mediation.
This is not a computer simulation?
This is not a discussion.
This is not a dream and you are, in fact, Captain William T.
This is not a good time.
This is not a joke, Corey.
This is not a law.
This is not a mannequin.
This is not a misread by the computer.
This is not a mission.
This is not a moment I've been looking forward to.
This is not a natural design.
This is not a ship of war.
This is not a speculation, Doctor.
This is not a threat, Captain.
This is not about revenge.
This is not an act of war, but of love.
This is not an away team, Commander.
This is not an efficient method for the preparation of sustenance.
This is not an empty jungle.
This is not an illusion or a dream.
This is not going to happen again.
This is not going to hold it.
This is not good.
This is not how I imagined seeing you again.
This is not how I wanted to remember him.
This is not just a scrape, this is a very deep cut.
This is not my fault.
This is not my life.
This is not my time.
This is not one of them.
This is not over yet, human.
This is not possible.
This is not really the best time.
This is not so easy.
This is not some undergraduate study project that you're turning down.
This is not the Federation, Picard.
This is not the Gamma Quadrant.
This is not the same trophy.
This is not the time.
This is not the way it's supposed to be.
This is not the way it's supposed to happen.
This is not their world.
This is not true.
This is not unlike a drumhead trial.
This is not your world, human.
This is not.
This is nothing like any vessel I've seen before.
This is nothing more than a ploy for them to finally seize power.
This is nothing to do with his previous wounds.
This is now, and your men are in trouble.
This is obviously an important pairing.
This is of no known Ferengi design.
This is off the record.
This is one of the largest relief efforts we've ever mounted.
This is one of the metal fragments I sold to Skoran.
This is one of the simpler patterns.
This is one of the truly great moments of your life.
This is our Transporter Chief, Mister O'Brien.
This is our house near Lake El'nar on Betazed.
This is our only chance.
This is our planet, Captain.
This is our present position.
This is our prison.
This is our table.
This is outrageous!
This is outrageous.
This is part of an algorithm, coded at the molecular level.
This is part of that Klingon stuff, isn't it.
This is peach cobbler with whipped cream.
This is pointless!
This is primarily a diplomatic mission.
This is privacy?
This is private property Who are you people?
This is puzzling.
This is quite a collection you've assembled.
This is quite complicated.
This is quite unnecessary, Doctor.
This is real Bajoran foraiga.
This is really quite excellent.
This is ruined.
This is set to kill.
This is sex.
This is sheer granite.
This is shuttle nine reporting in.
This is sickening.
This is so beautiful.
This is so real.
This is some greeting, old friend.
This is something I might have chosen myself.
This is something I think you'll find interesting.
This is something I've never seen before, sir.
This is something they have to work out for themselves.
This is something you're going to have to decide for yourself, Ishara.
This is sounding better all the time.
This is steelplast, sir.
This is strange, sir.
This is supposed to be a recreational activity.
This is terrific.
This is the Age of Bastu!
This is the Ancient West.
This is the Bajora.
This is the Captain of the USS Enterprise responding to your signal for help.
This is the Captain speaking.
This is the Enterprise to Lutan and the Ligonian government.
This is the Enterprise, Lieutenant.
This is the Federation Starship Enterprise calling any vessel within range.
This is the Federation Starship Enterprise.
This is the Fermi.
This is the First Officer, sir.
This is the Habak, the focal point of our lives.
This is the Klingon vessel Maht-H'a.
This is the Neutral Zone.
This is the USS (static) questing emergency assistance.
This is the USS Enterprise.
This is the Vetar to Gul Evek.
This is the afterlife, and I'm God.
This is the away team.
This is the beginning of our run toward Titan.
This is the bridge.
This is the chance of a lifetime.
This is the chip my father created for me so that I could experience emotions.
This is the comm.
This is the community of Ressik.
This is the control centre, where Gomtuu's crew guided their journeys.
This is the convoy.
This is the dilithium crystal chamber.
This is the exact position listed in the Tripoli log.
This is the first I've heard of it.
This is the first time I haven't been there.
This is the first time I've seen these two symbols paired.
This is the first time these Jefferies tubes haven't seemed cramped.
This is the flagship.
This is the food replicator, and your computer terminal.
This is the food station.
This is the fourth and final projectile.
This is the frame for the hatch.
This is the helm.
This is the information you requested, is it not?
This is the isopalavial interface which controls the main firomactal drive unit.
This is the last known location of the research team.
This is the latest design, state of the art.
This is the life I want.
This is the main Bridge, the command centre of the Enterprise and our last stop.
This is the main control area.
This is the man I want.
This is the man you are today.
This is the mok'bara.
This is the moment where life and death meet.
This is the most direct route.
This is the most incredible android I've ever seen.
This is the most prominent instance of the horn symbol we've seen yet.
This is the most recent picture we could find.
This is the most remarkable man.
This is the only Klingon colony on the border of Federation space.
This is the only chance I'll ever have to see a vessel like this.
This is the only known Roger Maris trading card from Earth circa 1962.
This is the only way.
This is the original.
This is the place.
This is the planet Kataan.
This is the power of the mind.
This is the preliminary report from your flight recorder.
This is the proper venue for our discussion.
This is the result of my encounter with the Enterprise, Commander.
This is the result.
This is the right time, the right place.
This is the second exam one hour later.
This is the second time that you have shown surprise at my appearance, Kevin.
This is the second time today that my visor's just cut out like that.
This is the ship's arboretum.
This is the sign of La Forge.
This is the sin I tried so hard to keep you from learning now.
This is the starship Enterprise.
This is the static warp field we created inside the warp drive.
This is the strangest feeling.
This is the third time I have refreshed your memory.
This is the third time this year it's stopped relaying data.
This is the third time we've pulled out the captain's chair for Riker.
This is the twenty fourth century.
This is the very first Basotile ever created.
This is the way things are now.
This is the worst break.
This is the worst run ship I have ever been on.
This is their preferred way of space travel.
This is third Dynasty.
This is to protect her as much as us.
This is too complex.
This is top priority.
This is truly trying my patience, Counsellor.
This is turning out to be a very long tunnel or corridor, sir.
This is two people walking along the beach by a blue ocean at sunset.
This is unacceptable, sir.
This is unacceptable.
This is unbelievable, sir.
This is up.
This is urgent.
This is used for battle, not tilling soil.
This is utter nonsense.
This is very confusing.
This is very important.
This is very old.
This is very reminiscent of Dinasian.
This is very serious.
This is very strange.
This is very unusual.
This is very wrong.
This is weird, listening to them plan our funeral.
This is weird.
This is what I am.
This is what I want to do, but we have less than an hour.
This is what I wanted to show you.
This is what Varley feared.
This is what he died for.
This is what starship designers call easy access.
This is what the drug has done to him.
This is what we are.
This is what you do for fun?
This is where I belong.
This is where I feel I belong.
This is where I had a purpose.
This is where it gets a little wild, Captain.
This is where people come to relax, enjoy themselves in a natural setting.
This is where the wars began.
This is where we started, if we are us.
This is where you belong.
This is why I brought you here, Data.
This is why you were surprised when you first saw me.
This is wonderful.
This is working.
This is worth studying.
This is yet another example of how our actions have random results.
This is you and Nikolai leading us to safety.
This is you.
This is your Captain.
This is your command centre.
This is your diversion, Number One, not mine.
This is your doing.
This is your home, of course.
This is your idea of appropriate guidance?
This is your journey, Wesley.
This is your last chance.
This is your opportunity to make peace with your sordid past.
This isn't Starfleet Academy.
This isn't a Federation ship.
This isn't a holding cell.
This isn't a house call, is it?
This isn't a joke, Tasha.
This isn't a real phaser.
This isn't a safe place at all.
This isn't a starship, Jean-Luc.
This isn't a starship.
This isn't a town.
This isn't about latinum.
This isn't fair.
This isn't fantasy, it's theatre.
This isn't going to be easy for me.
This isn't just a very long drought, is it, Father?
This isn't just some experiment you're running, Data.
This isn't me.
This isn't possible.
This isn't real, either.
This isn't right.
This isn't some kind of glorious second childhood, Guinan.
This isn't that familiar to me.
This isn't the Bridge.
This isn't the best way to meet new people, is it?
This isn't the end.
This journey.
This just isn't you.
This leader of theirs, Conor, he seems to be a reasonable man.
This library of ours has been in the planning stages for years.
This life form has declared war on us.
This little nuisance is beginning to lose its fascination.
This looks hopeless.
This looks like a great racquet, but, er, I don't play tennis.
This looks like an ideal place to rest.
This looks like anything but farmland.
This looks like some kind of communications array.
This looks like some sort of rash.
This looks like the front door.
This makes no sense to us.
This man didn't die for nothing.
This man's taken, get your own?
This matter clearly falls within his jurisdiction.
This may be a little tricky.
This may be nothing, but let's move all our people together.
This may be our only opportunity.
This may be the only chance you get.
This may be your last chance.
This may be your time.
This may not be good medicine, but for Worf, it may be his only choice.
This may take some time, sir.
This may take some time.
This measures the individual portions.
This meditation is one of our most sacred ceremonies.
This meeting never took place as far as Starfleet is concerned.
This microorganism is very mysterious.
This might be a long year.
This might give us one last shot.
This might prove to be an advantage to us.
This might sound crazy, but for a moment I thought I was stuck in that wall.
This mission can't be delayed.
This mission must be completed.
This mission will end in bloodshed.
This modification was due to be introduced.
This modification will be integrated into the next class starship.
This modification's one way only.
This morning she was fifteen minutes late.
This morning.
This murder does not connect with our case.
This must be an exciting moment for you, Mister Data.
This must be the sign they were waiting for.
This must be very strange for you.
This must be what Mother felt about you.
This must have just happened recently.
This must stop.
This new era of space flight, it fires the imagination.
This object has been en route for eighty seven million years.
This object is over twelve thousand years old.
This once was rich farmland.
This one is different.
This one is empty.
This one is in the style of the early French impressionists.
This one is no different.
This one looks like a Klingon.
This one looks like you.
This one seems to be stuck in a feedback loop.
This one's been fitted with two type-four phaser emitters.
This one's getting away.
This one's job is to beat us to Tin Man at any cost.
This one's mine.
This one.
This orbit will put it within five hundred kilometres of the planet surface.
This ought to be a lot of fun.
This ought to be easy for someone written up in bio-mechanical texts.
This ought to do it.
This panel configuration has been altered.
This part of you doesn't speak very often.
This particular one bombarded by low levels of Eichner radiation.
This particular poem has a lacuna of forty seven minutes.
This pendant also appears to be an energy source.
This person I mentioned, from the Q Continuum, would like to meet you.
This phaser is set at the highest stun setting.
This piece of baktag is Captain Larg.
This planet is dying.
This planet was apparently once home to a race known as the Koinonians.
This planet's interior heat provides an abundance of geothermal energy, sir.
This planet.
This pregnancy is unlike anything I have ever encountered.
This procedure will only increase the conversion level by point eight percent.
This project has had nothing but problems.
This project might turn out to be of interest to scholars in the future.
This pulse may be a little bright.
This raid is an opportunity to get rid of Galen.
This really worries me.
This report was classified and then it was quietly buried.
This residue would be the waste left behind.
This room is filled with dead bodies.
This room was open to space for twelve years.
This room, it's more than a holodeck, isn't it?
This room, this ship, most of all this war we're fighting.
This seems brutal even for the Ferengi.
This seems to be some kind of meeting place.
This setting is usually sufficient.
This sharing of thoughts and feelings is quite compelling.
This ship has a mission to carry out.
This ship is already home for the indigent, the unwanted, the unworthy.
This ship is astounding.
This ship is equipped with our best weapons and our finest warriors.
This ship is falling into a gravity well.
This ship is magnificent.
This ship is prepared to defend itself if necessary.
This ship isn't going anywhere.
This ship literally just thinks what it wants, and then it happens.
This ship must be destroyed.
This ship must have a crew.
This ship's very important to you, isn't it?
This should be an interesting experience.
This should be catalogued and scheduled for retrieval.
This should be enough to ward off their neuro-sedative for about twelve hours.
This should be interesting.
This should be the holodeck on the real Enterprise.
This should help a little.
This should help.
This should make it clear, Commander.
This should take effect immediately.
This shouldn't be happening.
This shows the destruction of our village.
This side of the wormhole is not stable.
This simple little dress?
This situation has existed for a very long time.
This situation is deteriorating, Captain.
This sounds very strange, doesn't it?
This state could easily be mistaken for death.
This station is inoperable, sir.
This station is phase two.
This story you are telling is unbelievable.
This structure was apparently made to resemble twentieth century Earth.
This symbol represents our father, myself, my sister.
This synthehol never leaves you out of control, is that so?
This system is calibrated to the Celsius metric system.
This system's clean.
This thing put me down in the middle of Market Street.
This this is not a good time, Keiko.
This time I want someone with you.
This time I want that outpost destroyed.
This time a Class One with full sensor array.
This time it will be different, I promise.
This time line must not be allowed to continue.
This time line will cease to exist and a new future will have been created.
This time there's a trace of electropathic activity.
This time we were talking, and I neglected to do that.
This time you've got me.
This time, I don't buy the magic.
This time, you have to.
This tranquilliser should keep him unconscious for another seven hours.
This transmission is terminated.
This transmitter module has been totally destroyed.
This transporter is basically the same system we use on the Enterprise.
This treatment is a deliberate insult to the Cardassian Union.
This tree is our symbol, our affirmation of life.
This trial is adjourned, to allow the criminals to be tested.
This trick is going too far.
This trip to Starbase Five One Five is rather unexpected.
This tube opens up beyond this crack.
This turbolift system gives us access to the rest of the ship.
This unit is programmed to provide sources of acceptable nutritional value.
This used to be me.
This vaccine sample is a gift of life and we are honoured at receiving it.
This vase is made by Mark, the late Mark Off-Zel from Sirrie Four.
This vessel has become too confining.
This vessel is called the Enterprise.
This vessel is the fifth starship to bear the name USS Enterprise.
This vessel must not fall into hostile hands.
This virus is totally out of control here.
This virus mutates every twenty minutes.
This vision is different.
This visit will also give us the opportunity to pick up a member of the family.
This void has a total lack of dimension.
This wall is hot.
This war's not supposed to be happening.
This was all a misunderstanding, Picard.
This was delivered for you.
This was done by a phaser on a setting of six or seven.
This was dropped by one of the assassins.
This was his crew.
This was logged four days ago at oh three hundred hours.
This was meant for you.
This was my Tactical Officer on the Rutledge.
This was my home.
This was my only recourse.
This was really important to you, wasn't it?
This was supposed to be Vertiform City.
This was the final battle, wasn't it?
This was the first.
This was your idea, Picard?
This was.
This wasn't made in any forge I've ever seen.
This wasn't sabotage at all.
This wasn't the only incident.
This wasn't your fault.
This way sir.
This way, gentlemen.
This way.
This weakness disgusts me!
This whole chamber is filled with pockets of a methanogenic compound.
This whole last month or so everything seems to be going my way.
This whole thing is senseless.
This whole thing is still bizarre.
This whole thing is your fault.
This will be a good opportunity to get your grandmother's affairs in order.
This will be a rather unusual log entry, assuming Starfleet ever receives it.
This will be fine.
This will be my final report to the Enterprise.
This will be the last trip, sir.
This will be the test.
This will help you relax.
This will need a completely new field induction subprocessor.
This will please you.
This will reduce the inflammation.
This will take some time, sir.
This will take some time.
This will.
This woman has been giving you bad advice, Picard.
This woman.
This won't hurt a bit.
This won't work.
This woodland pattern is quite popular, sir.
This would a problem if the experiment involved killing them.
This would appear to be a neutron star, possibly a pulsar.
This would appear to be manual override.
This would have the advantage of harnessing all the radiant energy of that star.
This would not appear to be routine.
This would seem that this is Masaka's temple.
This wouldn't quench your thirst, it would make it worse.
This wound is different from all of the others.
This wound was never intended to give her any kind of serious harm.
This wrist has been broken.
This'll be the first time.
This'll make you more comfortable.
This'll take a couple of minutes.
This, no doubt, is a variation on pie in the face?
This, of course, is gagh.
This, this is Doctor Noonian Soong.
This, this is why I'm in Starfleet.
This, this will always be the same.
This.
Tholl, I asked her to open the door.
Tholl, our captors have transporters, they have stun beams.
Tholl, what I want is for everyone to escape!
Tholl.
Thompson at the plate Branca on the mound.
Thorne, I'll cover the aft section.
Thorne, are you all right?
Thoroughly enjoyable, Mister Data.
Thoroughly.
Those Academy cadets can be extremely competitive.
Those Andorians did not have to contend with someone of my thoroughness.
Those Cardassians were up to something, I'm sure of it.
Those Federation records can do that.
Those Ferengi have iron jaws.
Those aliens.
Those anomalies could be cloaked ships.
Those appear to be power taps.
Those are Connor and Moira Rossa.
Those are Federation ships.
Those are Klingon painstiks.
Those are Starfleet's orders.
Those are control chips!
Those are from the subspace field that's encapsulating the shuttle.
Those are gaps in the Intrepid's logs.
Those are my chips.
Those are my orders!
Those are my orders, Commander.
Those are not unusual questions.
Those are pretty good odds.
Those are separate questions.
Those are some fairly aggressive computations, Lieutenant.
Those are the Edo we met before.
Those are the things that matter.
Those are their orders if they can't secure the alien.
Those aren't muskets.
Those aren't the same readings as when I left.
Those at the dinner must eat until the stones are broken.
Those can rip the iron right out of your blood cells.
Those chips are mine.
Those circuits, they weren't designed for you.
Those comm.
Those dealings were two centuries ago.
Those devices are part of a system located down here.
Those drugs increase cardial rate and vascular pressure.
Those emissions may indicate that a metagenic delivery system in operation.
Those emissions you were so concerned about have just stopped.
Those energy readings from the comet's core, that sensor echo.
Those events did happen, sir.
Those faces that you saw.
Those flashes are almost musical.
Those fractures suggest nothing more than simple neutron fatigue.
Those guys are card sharks.
Those images are all part of Data's dream.
Those last shots took out auxiliary power and emergency back-up.
Those must be the matter energy conversion controls.
Those of us who have these urges live secret and guarded lives.
Those old shields weren't particularly efficient at blocking gamma ray output.
Those phenomena are relatively common.
Those places could be on worlds in distant sectors of the galaxy.
Those readings could be anything.
Those roots.
Those samples'll be tainted.
Those sequences determine how we develop physically.
Those ships were not carrying scientific equipment, were they?
Those should go to Commander Riker.
Those signals are very faint and difficult to distinguish from background noise.
Those soldiers are moving in fast, sir.
Those stairs are where we entered down here, sir.
Those two are assassins.
Those two may be basic for any definition of life, organic or inorganic.
Those vouchers are only good at your bar.
Those were poker instincts.
Those were replaced with isolinear chips about forty years ago.
Those who are willing will follow me.
Those who came to a drumhead were doomed.
Those who cannot hear an angry shout may strain to hear a whisper.
Those who clothe themselves in good deeds are well camouflaged.
Those who enforce laws.
Those who set their standards too high can kill to meet them.
Those words were uttered by Judge Aaron Satie as wisdom and warning.
Those you can see in the mirror.
Thou are notified that thy kind hath infiltrated the galaxy too far already.
Thou art more lovely and more temperate.
Though I did have to hand over a bottle of very old Saurian brandy for it.
Though I don't think you got Commander Riker's hair quite right.
Though I would not call it death, since he is only a device.
Though doomed, your effort will be valiant.
Thought is the essence of where you are now.
Thought.
Thought?
Thoughtful, in a ruthless sort of way.
Thoughts I do not understand yet cannot purge.
Thoughts became reality.
Thousands died on Khitomer.
Thousands more were maimed.
Thousands of Klingons were massacred, many of them women and children.
Thousands of minds.
Thousands of things are too efficient, Data, at least for humans.
Thousands of voices with us always.
Thousands.
Threats?
Three Earth days remain.
Three K'vort class battlecruisers, sir.
Three and six.
Three are female.
Three days ago, I hailed them.
Three days on a shuttle to Starbase twenty three, transport back to Earth.
Three days, no transporters.
Three dead, four wounded.
Three dogs isn't that many, is it?
Three hours at best.
Three hours, maximum.
Three hours, nine minutes.
Three hours.
Three hundred and fifty thousand kilometres and closing.
Three hundred and ninety percent.
Three hundred and sixty of them in a full circle this way.
Three hundred metres beyond the colony perimeter.
Three hundred milligrams of trilithium.
Three hundred more.
Three hundred ninety percent over standard.
Three hundred twenty seven, to our knowledge.
Three husbands?
Three jacks looking back for the handsome young ensign.
Three minutes and forty seconds.
Three minutes remain.
Three minutes thirty seconds to life support failure.
Three minutes to impact.
Three minutes, eleven seconds.
Three minutes.
Three months ago.
Three months, perhaps a year.
Three more chroniton fields have formed aboard the Enterprise in the last hour.
Three more decks, then we take corridor fifteen B all the way to Ten Forward.
Three of them are heading for your location.
Three one nine mark two five oh, sir.
Three percent.
Three pulses, from three time periods, converging at one point in space.
Three quarters impulse, full on my command.
Three quarters impulse.
Three quarters.
Three seats on the ruling council?
Three seconds later, the station exploded.
Three seconds to impact.
Three seconds.
Three sided, and if possible made to resemble indigenous rock.
Three tickets for Vertiform City.
Three times, three speed fluctuations.
Three to beam to the location of that platinum trace, Geordi.
Three weeks away, sir.
Three weeks.
Three will join us, one will not.
Three years ago.
Three zero seven mark two seven five.
Three, maybe four days.
Three, maybe four hours.
Three, sir.
Three, two, one, now!
Three?
Thrill?
Thrilling.
Throaty growl, which becomes a roar as they are sure he is dead.
Through an act of kindness.
Through deduction, sir.
Through it all, there was my music.
Through joining they have been healed.
Through me.
Throughout history, many lovers have suffered the same difficulty.
Throw it.
Throw them away.
Thrown off.
Thruster is off.
Thrusters are attached and ready, Commander.
Thrusters aren't responding.
Thrusters at half power.
Thrusters only.
Thrusters to standby.
Thrusters to station keeping.
Thus far, that quality has not helped me to accomplish my mission.
Thus you have substance.
Tickets!
Tickets.
Till we meet again, Jean-Luc Picard of the Starship Enterprise.
Tilonus Four?
Tilts head) That is correct.
Time allotted.
Time and tide, Lieutenant La Forge.
Time base confirms our chronometers are off by seventeen point four days.
Time expired.
Time for him to die.
Time for you to leave us, then?
Time index five one four.
Time may be eternal, Captain, but our patience is not.
Time period?
Time to asteroid field?
Time to be moving on.
Time to come home now, Number One.
Time to disappear.
Time to get back to business!
Time to impact approximately sixty seconds.
Time to impact.
Time to impact?
Time to pluck a pigeon.
Time to the Solarion system?
Time well spent.
Time won't pass for you, but I may be an old woman.
Time's Arrow, part 2 Last time on Star Trek, the Next Generation.
Time's up.
Time, Mister Data?
Time, sir.
Times twenty.
Timetables for completion.
Timicin himself just told me.
Timicin's decision is his own free will, I assure you.
Timicin, I cannot believe this.
Timing would be critical.
Timothy is rebuilding his identity as best he can.
Timothy no longer has that kind of support.
Timothy went from human to machine, from being emotional to being emotionless.
Timothy's a boy feeling a great deal of pain.
Timothy, accompany me, please.
Timothy, androids do not lie.
Timothy, are you having disturbing dreams?
Timothy, can you tell us what happened to your ship?
Timothy, listen to me.
Timothy, perhaps you and I should go below and get out of everyone's way.
Timothy, would you like Data to stay with you a little bit longer?
Timothy, you understand that you may speak with me about anything you wish?
Timothy, your head movements are counterproductive.
Tin Man hurts and wants to die.
Tin Man is too different.
Tinkering with an anomaly you know nothing about, trying to collapse it.
Tiny machines built from the atom up.
Tip O'Neill in a dress?
Tip O'Neill.
Tired of life I was, but not anymore.
Tired of my company already?
Tired of the Enterprise too?
Tired, oh so tired.
Tired?
Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
Tissue growth proceeding at anticipated rates.
Tissue mitigator.
Tissue oxygenation is within norms.
TlhIH ghIj jIHyoj.
TlhIngan jIH!
TlhIngan jIH.
To Captain Jean-Luc Picard, stardate 41148
To Data.
To History.
To Klingons, there is no more sacred place.
To Riker.
To Vegas?
To Will, all my love, Deanna.
To a Klingon, a beard is a symbol of courage.
To admit that you're afraid gives you strength.
To all Maquis ships.
To all Starfleet personnel, this is the Captain.
To all the creatures within us!
To allow them to suffer?
To another plane of existence, another way of thinking.
To attack a superior is the worst offence.
To avenge their deaths.
To avoid being picked up on Federation long range scans.
To avoid deceiving oneself.
To be blunt, you're not that important.
To be born, to live as one of us and in that way to understand us.
To be exactly where you want to be.
To be frank, Captain, the ambassador is not a young man.
To be honest I'm glad to see this kind of change in you, Will.
To be honest, I can't think of a good reason.
To be honest, I was bored.
To be honest, I was surprised to see the Caldonians here at all, Leyor.
To be honest, I would much feel better back home under her care.
To be honest, I'm having trouble believing her story, sir.
To be honest, I'm not sure what happened.
To be honest, he's testing even my limits.
To be honest, no, I don't think so.
To be honest, people find me cold, cerebral, lacking in humour.
To be human.
To be more accurate, I understand him.
To be sure of what?
To be totally armed is to be totally secure.
To begin the first illumination test.
To bend.
To break the shell.
To break their spirit.
To bring you here.
To care for someone?
To celebrate her life, not mourn it.
To change the man you were in your youth?
To clarify.
To come here proves not only your courage, but your wisdom.
To come looking for courage in a lair of cowards.
To communicate with her is very different.
To communicate with it by subspace.
To conceal him was a clear violation of our agreement.
To continue to exist.
To control your life, your destiny.
To create this radiation field would take several hundred thousand, sir.
To create this.
To cross the Neutral Zone, I will require a cloaked ship.
To date, I have never failed.
To defy them is to invite imprisonment or death.
To delay a week, even a few days, could cost thousands of lives.
To delay us.
To die defending one's ship is the hope of every Klingon.
To die in the service of my people.
To die on a transporter.
To die?
To discard a mate in this manner-
To discuss different approaches.
To discuss the threat.
To display it is to announce you are seeking Jamaharon.
To do it.
To do otherwise is to desecrate something that is holy.
To do so violates the very essence of the Prime Directive.
To do so would have been pointless.
To do the job, Wesley's going to need a team.
To do whatever you wanted.
To drain the fever.
To each his own, Number One.
To each his own.
To elaborate upon whatever it is that's troubling you.
To enrich yourself.
To escort you to the Captain.
To even to ask such a question implies that we need permission.
To explore the galaxy.
To expose a child to this.
To expose him would have split the Empire.
To feel his arms protect me.
To feel the inner strength of someone.
To feel the thrill of victory there has to be the possibility of failure.
To find a way to reverse the effects of the dimensional shift?
To find him.
To find some privacy.
To find something new in this wonderful year.
To find the answers that you seek.
To find the ship before the Romulans do.
To follow in your footsteps, as it were?
To forestall suspicion.
To forgive him.
To freedom.
To fulfill your potential.
To get at those memories some other way?
To get closer?
To get in touch with my true feelings.
To get this brick?
To give their lives meaning.
To go?
To grow old together.
To grow old together?
To have a chance to talk with Doctor Epstein.
To have a society so intermixed on computers has tremendous advantages.
To hear yourself say, I like myself when I'm with him.
To hell with the limits.
To her, it's magic.
To him and transport directly to Sickbay?
To honour we call you as free men and brave.
To intensify his memories?
To join us as what?
To judge what kind of life forms we are?
To keep me immobilised?
To keep us busy so we're off guard?
To keep us from finding that piece of the puzzle.
To know him is to love him is to know him?
To know know him is to love him is to know him.
To learn about you is, frankly, provocative.
To learn?
To let you mediate the dispute.
To link artificial intelligence directly into the humanoid brain.
To lose sixteen years.
To lose something, one must first possess it.
To make another Data.
To make another functioning, sentient, android.
To make compact or to capitulate.
To make sure he wasn't tampered with?
To many people.
To me, that suggests a child.
To me, that's one of the marks of a good officer.
To me, you'll always be Jean-Luc.
To me?
To miss your one chance at bat.
To my knowledge, I have never seen him.
To my left there is a small triangular screen.
To own one is to call forth it powers.
To plead.
To predict.
To prepare, I have scanned all available literature on parenting.
To preserve the Empire.
To prevent us from allowing our emotions to overwhelm our judgement.
To prevent your ship from being captured?
To protect you.
To put in a museum?
To put it simply, we're omnipotent.
To read our competitors' minds?
To regain your family name?
To remember you and this ship would complicate her future.
To restore our computer.
To risk new experiences even when they don't fit into your preconceptions.
To risk rejection.
To risk your ship and crew to retrieve only one man.
To satisfy your curiosity.
To save the team.
To see if I was real.
To see if I'd order someone to their death.
To see that it is you that inflict that suffering.
To see you, of course.
To seek and destroy a metagenic weapon.
To seek covertly, to go stealthily, to slink, slither -
To send you on an unarmed transport puts everyone at risk.
To sign onto a freighter.
To simply exist is not enough.
To sit in.
To sleep?
To smash your house of cards?
To sold out houses.
To solve a Sherlock Holmes mystery.
To some degree.
To someone who is suffering.
To someone, somewhere.
To spend your lives together.
To study you is to understand ourselves.
To study you.
To success.
To survive is not enough.
To take command of the USS Enterprise as of this date.
To take my child down to the planet.
To tell the truth, sir, it sounds to me like nonsense to me.
To tell you the truth, I wish he were here, because I'd like to hear it too.
To tell you the truth, Reg, we don't know what to think.
To tell you the truth, little warrior, neither do I.
To that end, I have set a course for the Klingon home world.
To the Bridge.
To the Enterprise, Mister Crusher?
To the High Council, to the Duras family, to you.
To the Horatio, gentlemen.
To the best of your knowledge, has the Captain ever falsified a log?
To the bitter end?
To the danger, however inadvertent, that creature might pose to our crew?
To the earliest construction entries of the Enterprise.
To the emitters.
To the family that's irrelevant.
To the game.
To the last mile.
To the left, red.
To the most beautiful bride-to-be in the whole of England.
To the object in orbit with us.
To the only home he's ever known.
To the planet?
To the right.
To the right?
To the stars?
To the temporal distortions.
To the young couple and their families.
To their cloning lab.
To think of the future in this shell.
To think, the Model T of androids.
To transport up at once.
To treatment.
To try or not to try, to take a risk or to play it safe.
To turn him into a warrior.
To understand death, I must amass information on every aspect of it.
To understand your ways.
To us all.
To us it's a slime pit, but to them it's home.
To us on the planet They're like two squabbling children.
To us, it is already part of history.
To us, nothing that happens is truly random.
To us, that's rude.
To use a twentieth century term, she's in a penalty box.
To use this technology would be an irrational act.
To watch him moving away from being like you.
To what effect, sir?
To what is he referring?
To where?
To which dinner was the Captain referring, sir?
To which one?
To which you have no end of questions?
To whom am I speaking, please?
To whom are you referring?
To whom are you speaking?
To whom do I have the honour of speaking?
To work on such a large mobile computer.
To you all is memorisation and recitation.
To you and to myself.
To you, Endar.
To you, it's a simple tool.
To you.
To you?
To your success, Doctor.
To your success, doctor.
To, to try to explain the anti-grav unit failure.
Today I am a Warrior.
Today I learned the ritual hunt.
Today is my birthday.
Today on the Promenade, a Yridian approached me.
Today we configured the relay controller grid.
Today would have been your husband's thirty eighth birthday.
Today you were dropping your foil.
Today, I will take your son away from you.
Today, perhaps.
Today, they do so again.
Today, today it's like I can see it all as clearly as if it were yesterday.
Today?
Tog must have missed that chapter in the Ferengi book of Etiquette.
Tog!
Together we may be able to open a gateway for her.
Together, we will restore the family honour.
Tokath is my father.
Told me what?
Tom Corbin from the science lab.
Tomalak is a Romulan Captain.
Tomalak to Pi.
Tomalak.
Tommy.
Tomorrow morning?
Tomorrow will be your first day of school, Lal.
Tomorrow would probably be better.
Tomorrow's an important day.
Tomorrow, will you help me send a message?
Tongue-tied?
Tonight most of all.
Tonight's a quiet night.
Tonight, as we came home, we sang a song of victory.
Tonight, we eat well.
Tonkian homing beacons.
Too afraid to live, too scared to die.
Too bad it didn't succeed.
Too bad you didn't bring your microscope.
Too bad you weren't there.
Too bad you're not my boss now.
Too bad, Mister Kaplan.
Too chilly?
Too close, Number One.
Too cocky, as it turned out.
Too dangerous!
Too dangerous.
Too easy.
Too esoteric.
Too hostile.
Too late!
Too late, sir.
Too late.
Too long, old friend.
Too long.
Too many bio-rejection factors.
Too many of them.
Too militant.
Too much to explain.
Too much trauma to the internal organs.
Too often, Commander.
Too perfect.
Too primitive.
Too real is too right.
Too real.
Too rich for me.
Too rich for my blood.
Too risky.
Too simple?
Too single-minded.
Too slow to be a photon torpedo.
Too small, too slow.
Too sweet?
Too young, really.
Took care of me.
Took forever to get here.
Took him with his own sword.
Took me weeks to figure out how to work this thing.
Took them off course.
Top condition.
Top of my Academy Class.
Top of the line.
Topographically, this is the correct area.
Toq, is that you?
Torak to the Drellians.
Toral has the bloodline to lead the Empire into the next century.
Toral is Duras' only son, and he will be the leader of the Council.
Toral is Duras' son.
Toral, son of Duras, you stand convicted of treason.
Toral, the next Leader of the Empire.
Torpedoes armed and loaded, sir.
Torpedoes armed!
Torpedoes have detonated, sir.
Torpedoes have reached their targets.
Torpedoes loaded.
Torpedoes now entering the stellar core.
Torpedoes ready, Commander.
Torpedoes ready.
Torpedoes to ready, sir.
Torpedoes.
Torsional stress levels point to a disrupter-style weapon.
Torture has never been a reliable means of extracting information.
Torva luk do shel!
Torva luk do shel.
Torze qua.
Tos Vah'cha Worf, do'lo jegh!
Total shield failure in eight seconds.
Totally alien, mysterious, not like us at all.
Touched him on some emotional level we didn't know he possessed?
Tough room?
Tough?
Toward Cardassian space.
Toward us?
Toxic levels.
Toy?
Toya, sit down.
Trace it.
Traces of your component elements.
Track him.
Track the tetryon emissions to their universe?
Track us?
Tracking power from secondary systems.
Tracking torpedoes.
Tracking what?
Tractor beam disengaged.
Tractor beam has locked on.
Tractor beam is destabilising.
Tractor beam is not functioning either.
Tractor beam is released, sir.
Tractor beam is stable.
Tractor beam locking on, sir.
Tractor beam off.
Tractor beam ready, sir.
Tractor beam to stand by.
Tractor beam?
Tractor beams and transporters offline.
Tractor beams are my specialty, Skipper!
Tradition, duty, honour.
Traffic for Relay Station one nine four while they shut down for maintenance.
Traffic when you knew it was going to make him angry?
Traffic, sir.
Tragedy seems to follow that family.
Training in social skills at the most elementary level has begun.
Training.
Traitor!
Trakian Ale.
Transceiver signal is down forty two percent.
Transfer Engine control to the Bridge.
Transfer auxiliary and emergency power to the impulse engines.
Transfer auxiliary power to shields!
Transfer auxiliary power to the inertial dampers.
Transfer circuits are functioning properly.
Transfer emergency power to the antimatter containment system!
Transfer five hundred milligrams from the reserve system to the engine core.
Transfer helm to Engineering, Geordi.
Transfer injector control to manual.
Transfer the letters from my mother to the viewscreen.
Transfer the signal to this station.
Transfer weapons control to my station.
Transferring Engineering to the Bridge.
Transferring coordinates to helm.
Transferring power back to life support.
Transferring warp power to tractor beam generator.
Transfers are to be approved by me before any offers are made.
Transfigurations Captain's Log, Stardate 43957.2.
Transient response is normal.
Transistor material.
Translate associated values into standard temporal notations.
Translation request being patched.
Translation?
Transmission coming in from Turkana Four, on a secure channel.
Transmission from the Yamato, sir.
Transmission from the planet surface, sir, Main viewer on.
Transmission has been blocked.
Transmit friendly greetings, all languages, all frequencies.
Transmit the message, leave Farpoint Space Station immediately.
Transmit their coordinates to the Enterprise transporter room.
Transmitting commands to the array now, sir.
Transmitting commands.
Transmitting what?
Transmitting.
Transport Soren directly to Sickbay.
Transport a couple of photon grenades into the adjoining chamber.
Transport complete, Captain.
Transport locked in and ready, Doctor.
Transport log seven five nine.
Transport me into this corridor.
Transport on my command.
Transport successful, sir.
Transport the away team aboard.
Transport to the Romulan ship as soon as we're within range.
Transport's going to take longer than normal.
Transport.
Transportation of colonists, diplomatic missions, emergency evacuations.
Transporter Chief O'Brien, has served with Benjamin Maxwell.
Transporter Chief to Captain.
Transporter Chief!
Transporter Chief, beam the away team directly to the Bridge.
Transporter Chief, come in!
Transporter Chief, do you have their coordinates?
Transporter Chief, prepare to beam Captain Kargan back aboard the Pagh.
Transporter Chief, prepare to him beam aboard.
Transporter Chief, where do you show us over here?
Transporter Chief.
Transporter Psychosis?
Transporter Room to Bridge.
Transporter Room to Engineering.
Transporter Room, energise.
Transporter Room, get a lock on the away team and beam them up.
Transporter Room, now!
Transporter Room, stand by.
Transporter Room, this is Commander Riker.
Transporter Room, this is Lieutenant Yar.
Transporter Room, this is the Captain.
Transporter activated.
Transporter beam locked, Captain.
Transporter chief, yank them back now!
Transporter code fourteen?
Transporter control, what's our status?
Transporter controls are being transferred.
Transporter emergency!
Transporter functions gone, sir.
Transporter is down again.
Transporter is malfunctioning, Captain.
Transporter locked in, sir.
Transporter mode has been redirected.
Transporter power being redirected, sir.
Transporter power.
Transporter ready, Captain.
Transporter room five.
Transporter room four to Sickbay.
Transporter room one to Captain Picard.
Transporter room one to Lieutenant Worf.
Transporter room one.
Transporter room six to Bridge.
Transporter room six.
Transporter room three, have you been able to lock on to the away team?
Transporter room three, lock on the explosive device and energise.
Transporter room three, lock on to shuttle one.
Transporter room three, lock onto the away team, prepare to beam them back.
Transporter room three, this is the Captain.
Transporter room two, prepare to energise.
Transporter room, Captain Picard is ready to return to his ship.
Transporter room, beam La Forge back immediately.
Transporter room, beam one to the Bridge.
Transporter room, come in.
Transporter room, do you have a fix on the away team?
Transporter room, do you have lock on the away team?
Transporter room, get them up, now.
Transporter room, have you been able to establish a lock?
Transporter room, have you got him?
Transporter room, hurry!
Transporter room, lock onto the neutrino beam and stand by.
Transporter room, now!
Transporter room, prepare for the beaming operation.
Transporter room, stand by.
Transporter room, three to beam directly to Sickbay.
Transporter room, we have a fix on the away team.
Transporter room, what's happening?
Transporter room, you should be able to get a lock now.
Transporter security field standing by.
Transporter technology can make things appear and disappear.
Transporter three, we are ready to receive.
Transporter two, prepare to beam the occupant of the scout ship directly aboard.
Transporter, energise.
Transporter, prepare to beam Commander Riker aboard the Pagh.
Transporter?
Transporters are still offline.
Transporters are useless.
Transporters down.
Transporting to the surface is only going to make a bad situation worse.
Transposition matrix locked in.
Trapped on the other side, sir.
Trauma team, stand by to receive injured.
Travel time to the nearest starbase?
Traveller?
Travelling the stars.
Treachery!
Treason was his father's crime.
Treat the surface burns with the anabolic stabiliser.
Treat them as interpreters.
Treating him is my priority one, regardless of who he is.
Treatment will begin tomorrow.
Trees gone, nothing.
Trees, grass, everything.
Trent, see to the android's needs.
Trespassing?
Triage team to main shuttlebay.
Tricellite isn't available in this system.
Triceron.
Tricorder functions minimal.
Tricorder readings are fluctuating rapidly, Commander.
Tricorder's useless, sir.
Tricorders aren't alive.
Tricorders can't even pick them up.
Tricorders?
Tricordrazine.
Tricyanate contamination confirmed.
Tried to kill us all?
Tried to make it to a transporter room now.
Tried to tell who?
Trigger?
Trilithium resin is a highly toxic waste product produced by our engines.
Trillions?
Trim your beard?
Triolic waves wouldn't harm them.
Triolic waves.
Triolic waves?
Triples.
Triplets?
Tritanium.
Troi for another lesson in happy wisdom.
Troi stopped by a little while ago.
Troi tells me you met Jean-Luc.
Troi to Bridge.
Troi to Commander Data.
Troi to Doctor Crusher.
Troi to Engineering.
Troi to La Forge.
Troi to Picard.
Troi to Security.
Troi to Worf.
Troi would much appreciate the pleasure of your company.
Troi's child and the deadly cargo we are about to take on.
Troi, I don't know how to tell you this.
Troi, I'm very interested in the Betazed ceremony you mentioned.
Troi, I'm your friend and you tricked me.
Troi, and thank you.
Troi, are you all right?
Troi, can I talk to you about something serious?
Troi, can you hear me?
Troi, do you feel anything unusual in the lieutenant?
Troi, is there any way you can get a message to him?
Troi, it is Alexander's dinner hour.
Troi, that you risked your life to save my people.
Troi, there is something you ought to know about Rex.
Troi, we must talk.
Troi, would it be wise to remove Jeremy from his cabin?
Troi, you've been at it enough.
Troi, you've known him for years.
Trouble sleeping?
Trouble, Captain?
Trouble, Number One?
Trouble.
Trouble?
Troubles me?
True fossilisation requires several millennia.
True or false?
True, but I've had fifteen years to practise.
True, we are in a drought, but water rationing has produced a sizeable savings.
True, you're well respected in your field.
Truly I am.
Truly excellent.
Truly remarkable.
Trust each other?
Trust is earned, not given away.
Trust me, I can get through.
Trust me, I know.
Trust me, if you knew anything about me, you wouldn't be trying so hard.
Trust me, they're going to get married.
Trust requires time and experience.
Trust you?
Trust your eyes.
Trust yourself.
Truth, beauty.
Truth?
Truthfully, I don't know that we can get back.
Truthfully, Jean-Luc.
Try a bypass on the shield control interface.
Try a manual bypass of the damping systems.
Try a splint.
Try activating the structural integrity field.
Try again!
Try again.
Try an oskoid.
Try and break through from below.
Try and get his confidence.
Try and hail them, Mister Worf.
Try and hold still, will you, Data?
Try and make yourself as comfortable as possible.
Try and raise her, Mister Crusher.
Try and remember your heritage, little one.
Try and stay out of trouble.
Try and take us out of here.
Try as you will, you cannot win her heart.
Try breathing through your nose.
Try gravitational control.
Try hailing it.
Try hailing them.
Try hard.
Try harder, Geordi.
Try it again.
Try it out.
Try narrowing the scan field.
Try not to be jealous of my abilities.
Try not to end up in the hospital.
Try not to move.
Try some caviar.
Try the life-support power flows.
Try the oskoid.
Try the power systems, Data.
Try them again.
Try this, Hero of Maxia.
Try to associate your actions and emotions with logical thoughts.
Try to avoid any contact with the Borg.
Try to better understand you as a people.
Try to disable them.
Try to do the work.
Try to find some way to help him to make a positive contribution.
Try to focus on your actions.
Try to get more power to the field coils.
Try to give them enough power to stabilise the storm.
Try to keep those shields up in case Taris decides to act on her threat.
Try to remember that, boy.
Try to stay calm, Doctor Manheim.
Try to stop the sun from climbing the sky?
Try to talk him into Tavena Minor.
Try to talk to him.
Try to touch the cup.
Try to wake him, again.
Try using your imagination once in a while.
Try warp engines.
Try, Mister La Forge.
Try, if you would.
Trying to build the best staff I can.
Trying to determine what he wants.
Trying to find an inoculants is mine.
Trying to help Lwaxana.
Trying to hide from the pain.
Trying to isolate.
Trying to re establish.
Trying to recalibrate nutation.
Trying to recapture those feelings?
Trying, sir.
Tryla Scott.
Tryptophan-lysine distillates with generous doses of PCS.
Tu Mak Dagh Cha doh Borak!
Tune that down!
Tunnel sixteen.
Tuppence.
Turbolift Control, do you read?
Turbolift four is just over there, right?
Turbolift velocity is beginning to fluctuate, Captain.
Turbolifts two, three, four, everyone.
Turbulence patterns are within predicted parameters.
Turbulence to starboard!
Turn him over to the guard.
Turn it completely around.
Turn it off.
Turn the Enterprise into a lightning rod?
Turn the page.
Turn them over to Quinteros.
Turn those circuits on.
Turn your head to the left.
Turned up during an intelligence sweep.
Turned?
Turns out the entire system was infested with Talarian hook spiders.
Twain.
Twelve days, twelve nights.
Twelve decks away.
Twelve hours at most.
Twelve hours sixteen minutes, sir.
Twelve hundred hours.
Twelve minutes to structural failure, sir.
Twelve onkians.
Twelve point five deviation from previous.
Twelve point three million.
Twelve seconds to critical.
Twelve seconds to impact, sir.
Twelve years ago, I needed an officer that I could count on in a crisis.
Twelve years old.
Twelve.
Twentieth century, Earth.
Twenty cc's inaprovaline.
Twenty cc's inoprovaline.
Twenty cc's of melorazine.
Twenty dollars a day, plus expenses.
Twenty eight seconds to impact.
Twenty five cc's polyadrenaline.
Twenty five centimetres in length.
Twenty five hundred diameters.
Twenty five metre radius.
Twenty five minutes?
Twenty five years.
Twenty four hours might as well be twenty four years.
Twenty four is the gateway to heroic salvation.
Twenty minutes to auto-destruct.
Twenty minutes.
Twenty nine hours, sir.
Twenty one centimetres.
Twenty one, and a winner.
Twenty one, twenty one.
Twenty percent.
Twenty piece orchestra, magnificent ballroom, everybody in formal wear.
Twenty seconds to auto-destruct.
Twenty seconds to seal off.
Twenty seconds.
Twenty ships aren't enough to wage a war.
Twenty six minutes, Captain.
Twenty six minutes.
Twenty six point eight kilos of tripolymer composites.
Twenty third century Stan Orega specialised in jokes about quantum mathematics.
Twenty thousand kellicams.
Twenty thousand, but not an ingot more.
Twenty three minutes, sir.
Twenty three years ago I gave you my word.
Twenty two favour staying and fighting the Sheliak.
Twenty two hours fourteen minutes, sir.
Twenty two minutes if they stay at current speed.
Twenty two years!
Twenty two years.
Twenty two.
Twenty years is, after all, a long time.
Twenty years.
Twenty, twenty five minutes.
Twenty-four?
Twenty-three minutes, fourteen seconds, sir.
Twenty?
Twin boys, Andrew and Alexander, and then later a little girl, Jennifer.
Twin brothers?
Twin moons.
Twin.
Two Bridges?
Two Federation outposts in sector three zero have been destroyed.
Two Klingon attack cruisers decloaking to port and starboard.
Two Klingons killed.
Two Rekag battle cruisers are flanking it.
Two Romulan warships uncloaking.
Two Til'amin froths, please.
Two are frigates.
Two are lost, sir.
Two are middle aged.
Two attempts to retrieve Doctor Crusher have failed.
Two birds of prey approaching.
Two bleeders, single plane penetration.
Two cc's delactovine.
Two coffees.
Two days ago, a Yridian convoy left Deep Space Nine for the Demilitarised Zone.
Two days ago, near Engineering.
Two days ago.
Two days?
Two down, one to go.
Two earthquakes.
Two eight four mark zero one three.
Two equatorial stations are showing slight increases.
Two fifty one.
Two from USS Fearless are ready to beam over.
Two guards are dead.
Two hours after I met him, I asked him to marry me.
Two hours ago.
Two hours nineteen minutes, sir.
Two hours, forty minutes and three seconds.
Two hours, maybe three.
Two hours, nine minutes.
Two hundred and ninety percent.
Two hundred and seventy four.
Two hundred and thirty million degrees Kelvin.
Two hundred and twenty three.
Two hundred millennia of stellar drift.
Two hundred milligrams of metrazene.
Two hundred nine anomalies all within acceptable parameters.
Two kilometres north of the away team's beam-down point.
Two life forms are aboard.
Two life forms, possibly human.
Two lives that ended horribly and you're worried about your tennis game?
Two million seven hundred thousand light years.
Two minutes until the creatures intercept, Captain.
Two minutes, Mister La Forge.
Two minutes, four seconds, sir.
Two minutes, please.
Two minutes, thirty seconds to life support failure.
Two more are ready to beam in, sir.
Two more decks.
Two more eruptions, sir.
Two more.
Two nights ago.
Two nineteen.
Two of our men on the surface have been taken prisoner.
Two of the power shunts are on the verge of collapse.
Two of the silver-grey entities are approaching it.
Two of them!
Two of them, as a matter of fact.
Two of them, that's all.
Two of them.
Two oh seven and rising.
Two pair.
Two pence.
Two people and one piece of equipment to beam aboard.
Two people and one piece of equipment to beam up.
Two per team.
Two percent negative.
Two percent positive.
Two point four percent.
Two point two milli-parsecs, bearing three zero at one four five degrees.
Two previously fractured ribs, a broken arm, and a low grade concussion.
Two rivers, tropical rivers, are beginning to freeze.
Two second delay.
Two seconds phaser fire available.
Two seventeen.
Two ships are moving along the border heading one four two mark zero five one.
Two sisters, Anne and Melissa.
Two something.
Two species once shared this world.
Two thousand degrees.
Two thousand five hundred degrees.
Two thousand three hundred fourteen degrees.
Two thousand years ago your people were being consumed by war.
Two to Sickbay.
Two to beam directly up to Sickbay.
Two to beam out.
Two to beam up to Sickbay.
Two to three weeks at least.
Two to three weeks.
Two to transport aboard.
Two to transport.
Two totally unrelated systems.
Two twenty two.
Two twenty.
Two warriors locked in battle, fighting for honour.
Two weeks?
Two years ago, I went into the Habak and began a vision quest.
Two years ago, Starfleet would never have tapped you for this mission.
Two years, one month and twelve days.
Two years?
Two's company.
Two, divert shield power to the main engines.
Two, one.
Two, sir.
Two, three days.
Two.
Tyken's rift.
Tyler, how're you coming with that relay diagnostic?
Type R?
Type of mount?
Type?
Typical Klingon thinking.
Typical.
Typically, the purpose of such an enclosure is for storage.
USS Enterprise calling USS Yamato.
USS Enterprise has cleared the starbase perimeter.
USS Enterprise now under command of Captain Edward Jellico.
USS Enterprise now under command of Captain Jean-Luc Picard.
USS Enterprise to USS Yamato.
USS Enterprise.
USS Lantree, this is Picard of the Enterprise.
USS Lantree, this is the Enterprise.
USS Stargazer.
Ubaya of crossed roads at Lungha.
Ugly bags of mostly water, we try at peace.
Ugly, isn't it?
Uh un.
Uh, I'll be sixteen next month.
Uh, uh.
Uh-uh, Doctor, no.
Uhnari could have been responsible for them.
Ultimately I withdrew my challenge.
Ultimately, I believe he will.
Ultimately, it is her decision to make, not ours.
Ulysses by James Joyce?
Um, Computer, status report.
Um, er, no.
Um.
Unable to alter any part of your previous actions.
Unable to complete transmission.
Unable to derive necessary referents to establish translation matrix.
Unable to determine what caused it.
Unable to establish contact.
Unable to identify source.
Unable to proceed to main Engineering.
Unable to raise them on subspace.
Unable to reset.
Unable to specify.
Unable to transfer control, sir.
Unacceptable!
Unacceptable, K'mpec.
Unauthorised?
Unavailable, sir!
Unavailable?
Unavoidable.
Unbelievable!
Uncertain, Commander, but the dimensions are precisely the same.
Unchanged for the moment, but we're working on it.
Unchanged, sir.
Uncle who?
Unclear.
Unconditional surrender, I warn you, is totally unacceptable!
Undecided, sir.
Under Sir Thomas Erpingham.
Under Starfleet regulations, direct insubordination is a court martial offence.
Under attack?
Under less than ideal circumstances.
Under normal circumstances, maybe.
Under protest, Captain.
Under pursuit.
Under the circumstances, I don't think Tasha would mind.
Under the circumstances, I think there is only one decision.
Under the circumstances, a rescue mission would be foolhardy.
Under the circumstances, sir, I think you're right.
Under these circumstances, Number One, I think that would be inappropriate.
Under two hours, Captain.
Under what captain serve you?
Under whose command in this sector?
Underhill was talking about energy.
Underneath it all, you're not so bad.
Understand later.
Understand you?
Understand, Commander.
Understand?
Understandable if she just destroyed a Federation starship.
Understandable, given this particular life form's novel nature.
Understandably tired.
Understanding has made friends of many different people.
Understanding the Prime Directive, sir.
Understood, Number One.
Undirected, unfocused rage.
Undoubtedly there are survivors from the Odin on this planet.
Unfortunately I took the last audience home and there's no more room.
Unfortunately it does not function in the presence of hyperonic radiation.
Unfortunately it will have to be a shotgun wedding.
Unfortunately they faced the old story of hatred out powering intelligence.
Unfortunately, Captain, my memories begin the moment I woke up in Sickbay.
Unfortunately, I don't have time for a honeymoon with the crew.
Unfortunately, I have been less than successful.
Unfortunately, I have only one option left, and it's a long shot.
Unfortunately, I'm not feeling very well.
Unfortunately, Mister Data, your hypotheses rarely are.
Unfortunately, a few agitators like Danar forced us to add security.
Unfortunately, a great deal.
Unfortunately, he knows our procedures.
Unfortunately, it is not.
Unfortunately, it may not be that simple.
Unfortunately, it's not very pleasant right now.
Unfortunately, my entire crew is occupied with our repairs.
Unfortunately, right now there's not much we can do.
Unfortunately, that would take several hours.
Unfortunately, the Federation has not been as forthcoming.
Unfortunately, the problem has affected our impulse systems.
Unfortunately, their hiding place has long eluded us.
Unfortunately, there are very few of us left to enjoy it.
Unfortunately, there is no cure for the plague.
Unfortunately, there is one slight detail.
Unfortunately, there is only one penalty box.
Unfortunately, they have not arrived at a solution either.
Unfortunately, we don't know where the escape pod is.
Unfortunately, we have a law known as the Prime Directive.
Unfortunately, you have chosen to make my life more difficult.
Unfortunately.
Unguarded.
Unhappiness.
Unidentified craft in the Neutral Zone.
Unidentified ship heading toward us.
Unidentified vessel approaching.
Unidentified.
Unidentified?
Uniforms might pose questions I'd rather he didn't ask.
Uninhabited.
Unique.
Unit B, three seven five.
Units?
Unknown, Commander.
Unless I have unequivocal cooperation.
Unless he was distracted by something.
Unless he were forced to.
Unless he's borrowing one.
Unless it contains something very valuable.
Unless it is because you never expected to see me again.
Unless it's followed by three wavy lines; in which case the Z becomes a B.
Unless it's followed by?
Unless of course, you need something more.
Unless someone runs a level three diagnostic, they'd never detect it.
Unless that changes, we are justified in doing anything we can to survive.
Unless that was the mistake.
Unless there have been some changes I don't know about.
Unless there's something they want us... something they need us to see.
Unless they have all died.
Unless they have overcome that deficiency.
Unless they're baiting some kind of trap.
Unless we act soon, Esoqq will starve.
Unless we attack the ship itself.
Unless we move to a safe distance, this vessel will be destroyed.
Unless we seal it and fast we may have to evacuate.
Unless you care to examine it further.
Unless you don't enjoy that.
Unless you have any other options, yes, I think that's best.
Unless you're planning to make a change.
Unless, of course, if you would prefer a porch.
Unless, of course, it too is malfunctioning.
Unless, of course, this isn't a real phaser.
Unless, of course, you keep quiet.
Unless, unless we could find a way to compensate for the phase variance.
Unless?
Unlike a canine, Spot does not respond to verbal commands.
Unlike humanoids?
Unlike some people, I am in growth.
Unlike you, I still have a sense of honour and loyalty.
Unlimited.
Unlock the door.
Unnecessary, sir.
Unnecessary?
Unofficially, that's what I hear.
Unpardonable.
Unpleasantly.
Unpredictable.
Unresponsive?
Unsatisfactory.
Unseal the doors.
Until I came along.
Until I disappear.
Until I find out what's caused this, I don't want to try anything more extreme.
Until I have a better idea of what I'm dealing with, no one can beam up.
Until I know exactly what I'm dealing with, I can't let anyone new be exposed.
Until I realised it is the struggle itself that is most important.
Until I saw this dress.
Until death us do part.
Until he tried to make Asimov's dream of a positronic brain come true.
Until next time.
Until now, I have been the last of my kind.
Until our next encounter.
Until sundown?
Until the real Leah showed up and ruined it.
Until the return of Captain Picard, you are in command of the Enterprise.
Until then, they are kept tightly confined in a non-functioning state.
Until then, we are helpless.
Until then, we're on our own.
Until then, you will learn this ship.
Until then, you'll be in good hands with Captain Picard.
Until then.
Until they change the access codes again, we can cross the border here.
Until they found this formula, barely in time.
Until they petitioned Soong to make a more comfortable, less perfect android.
Until tonight, Lutan.
Until we can clear those bulkheads, we'll be cut off from the rest of the ship.
Until we have some answers, I don't want you to leave the Enterprise.
Until we need it.
Until we return, then.
Until what, Doctor?
Until you came, we could only see to the wall of our biosphere.
Until you try them, how can you know they won't work?
Until?
Untrue!
Untrue.
Unusual E-M burst, sir.
Unusual in what way?
Unusual orders.
Unusual, but I think I like it.
Unverified.
Unwilling to be alone with me?
Unwind a little.
Up here.
Up is no.
Up there, father.
Up there.
Up till a few weeks ago, a dismally unsuccessful one.
Up to almost three hundred percent.
Up until that moment, you were the same person.
Up, up.
Upon arriving here you can identify me as the machine named Data.
Upon her return, she would enslave the entire population.
Urgent business.
Urgent!
Urgently.
Use Science Station two, Doctor.
Use a hand phaser.
Use a lateral sensor array to get a more precise reading.
Use him.
Use it also to describe for the Captain the time you spent among the colonists.
Use it if the symptoms get worse.
Use proximity detectors, infrared sensors.
Use the enhanced resolution mode to boost the sensitivity.
Use the ladder.
Use the land as you wish.
Use the neodyne relay.
Use the protodynoplaser to stabilize his immune system.
Use their moment of indecision to escape!
Use this to cauterise the tissue.
Use whatever resources are necessary.
Use your brain.
Use your drugs to revive him.
Use your mind, not your mouth.
Use your sleeve.
Use your tricorder.
Use your weapons.
Useful?
Useless.
Using conventional means, that would be true.
Using print-out only, notify all decks to prepare for maximum acceleration.
Using the Q power to save her may not have been wrong.
Using the gravitational pull of a star to slingshot back in time.
Using the holodeck would not have been appropriate.
Using the technology of the Enterprise, we might be able to find these men.
Usually breaking a bone in the process.
Usually everyone wants to see the Ambassador.
Usually he's quite charming.
Usually my receptacles survive for years.
Usually newlyweds can't keep their hands off each other.
Usually while everybody's food gets cold.
Uxbridge.
Uzani's army with fist open.
Uzani, his army at Lashmir.
Uzani, his army.
Uzani.
VOICE [OC] Fusion generator under surge control, sir!
VOICE [OC] Seven mark nineteen, sir!
VOICES [OC] Shields weakening, Captain.
VOICES [OC] Sir!
VOICES [OC] Where did they come from?
Vacca Six it is.
Vacuum preserved everything.
Vagh is fully prepared to fire upon the Enterprise.
Vagh is not known for his patience.
Vagra Two will be declared off limits.
Vaguely.
Valedictorian?
Vamoose, you little varmint.
Van Doren's technique has been perfected to two point four percent.
Van'aj javDIch Qong DIr Sa'VIch ghIH yot quelI'Pa qevas HoH Qa.
Vandor's exactly what they needed.
Vang ghaH!
Variable flux.
Variations in blush response, pupil dilation, pulse, breath rate.
Variety, my little Alex.
Varria dives for it but lands short.
Varria screams for several seconds before she finally disintegrates.
Varria, how long have we been together, my dear?
Vash is a guest of the Captain.
Vash, Commander La Forge.
Vash, damn it, it's me!
VeK'tal response falling rapidly.
Vector.
Vega-Omicron.
Vegetation and animal life only.
Vekor is right.
Velara Three base, do you copy?
Velara Three base, this is Captain Picard of the starship Enterprise.
Velara Three base, this is the Enterprise.
Velara base to Enterprise.
Vell, vell, vell.
Velocity down by two point four percent.
Velocity dropping.
Velocity increasing.
Velocity is one hundred thirty five metres per second.
Velocity now warp seven.
Velocity still increasing.
Velocity to one half metre per second.
Velocity warp nine point two.
Velocity warp two.
Velocity, warp eight.
Velocity, warp factor five.
Velocity, warp nine.
Venom all over the ship?
Venom.
Ventanan thimble.
Ventilation and life support are failing at random spots all over the ship.
Venting drive plasma.
Verbal composition at it's most sophisticated level.
Verbal.
Verified, sir.
Verify containment and initiate auto-destruct.
Verify priority clearance.
Verify these are accurate coordinates for New Providence colony.
Verify, Maddox, Bruce, Commander.
Verifying sensor calibration.
Vermicula.
Versatile, powerful, and easy to use.
Versatility.
Verteron particles are artificial in nature.
Vertiform City.
Vertion absorption rate is dropping.
Vertions usually occur in miniscule amounts.
Very appealing.
Very attractive.
Very bitter.
Very charming.
Very clear, sir.
Very clear.
Very clever, Picard.
Very close together.
Very convincing, but not perfect.
Very exciting.
Very faint.
Very flattering on you, by the way.
Very forthright.
Very fresh.
Very funny, Dix.
Very glad to be here.
Very good indeed.
Very good!
Very good, Captain.
Very good, Ensign.
Very good, Geordi.
Very good, Hedril.
Very good, Lieutenant.
Very good, Mister Data.
Very good, Number One.
Very good, Senator.
Very good, sir.
Very good, tin man.
Very hazardous, Commander.
Very humorous indeed.
Very impressive design.
Very impressive the way you contained that explosion.
Very informative.
Very interesting!
Very interesting.
Very late.
Very likely.
Very limited.
Very low intensity, more like a soft medical scan.
Very mortal, if I may say so.
Very much so.
Very much.
Very nice piece of reasoning, laddie.
Very nice to see you again.
Very nice, sir.
Very odd.
Very original, Captain.
Very passionate.
Very persistent.
Very possibly organic.
Very potent substance.
Very rare.
Very remote area, sir.
Very shortly, anywhere will be preferable to this room.
Very shortly, we shall be leaving to have a meeting with the authorities.
Very soon after we combined we had learned much about each other.
Very strange experience.
Very strange, Number One.
Very strange.
Very tasty.
Very thoughtful.
Very ugly.
Very unfortunate.
Very vague.
Very well done, Data.
Very well, Counsellor, go ahead.
Very well, Counsellor.
Very well, Data.
Very well, Doctor, keep us informed.
Very well, Doctor.
Very well, I will introduce you.
Very well, I'll inform the Captain.
Very well, I'll take her under consideration.
Very well, Lieutenant.
Very well, Mister Worf.
Very well, have it your way, Little One.
Very well, let's give it a try.
Very well, let's limit their access.
Very well, proceed.
Very well, thank you.
Very, very accurate.
Very, very advanced, sir, or certainly very, very different.
Very, very nice.
Very, very, good.
Vessel reads as an unmanned sublight freighter.
Vessel unknown, configuration unknown, sir.
Vessel's speed increasing to point oh two impulse.
Vessels are within visual range.
Vhat seems to be de trouble, Lieutenant Picard?
Vibration amplitude is increasing.
Vibration?
Vibrations are increasing.
Vice Proconsul M'ret of the Imperial Senate and his two top aides.
Victims suffer from paranoid delusions, multi-infarct dementia, hallucinations.
Victoria, I've forgotten whether you enjoy pets or not.
View with me if you will this screen as we consider the following.
Viewer on shuttle cockpit.
Viewer transmission terminated and blocked.
Viewer.
Viewscreen's activated.
Vigilance, Mister Worf, that is the price we have to continually pay.
Vigo!
Vigo, is that you?
Vines infect animals in order to kill them?
Violate the Prime Directive?
Violated.
Violence will not be tolerated on the Enterprise.
Violins?
Virtually flat.
Virtually my entire youth was spent in the pursuit of that goal.
Virulent, extremely persistent, yet I can't isolate it.
Visionaries who don't see this planet as it is, but as it will be.
Visions?
Visit their ship?
Visor.
Visual comprehension is especially difficult for Lal.
Visual contact with the Borg.
Visual cortex showing increased activity.
Visual on main viewer.
Visual on screen now.
Visual on, sir.
Visual range, Commander.
Visual range.
Visual re-established.
Visual records or L.
Visual.
Visuals available now, Captain.
Vital signs are approaching normal.
Vital signs are normal, but neurotransmitter production is off the scale.
Vital signs are stabilising.
Vital signs normal.
Vital signs?
Vividly.
Voice authorisation Jellico alpha three one.
Voice authorisation, Picard delta five.
Voice entries.
Voice message has ended, Captain.
Voice print verified.
Voices?
Volnoth was an old man.
Volnoth.
Voluntary addiction to drugs is a recurrent theme in many cultures.
Vorcha doh bagh... Kahless.
Vorcha doh baghk, Kahless!
Vorin has left the holodeck.
Vorin, isn't it?
Vorin, listen to me.
Vorn responding to hail.
Vous etes Parisienne?
Voval!
Voval, I'm going to try to find help.
Voval, try not to move.
Voval, what is going on?
Voval.
Vulcan Security?
Vulcan emotions are extremely intense.
Vulcan registry.
Vulcan ships.
Vulcans are pacifists.
Vulcans have some kind of strange concoction they call mint.
Vulcans possess telepathic ability.
Vulnerable, sir.
W arrived a little late.
WESLEY And a twisted glass.
WESLEY We finished our ski lesson, sir, and it kind of just happened.
WESLEY; Four minutes and thirty three seconds, sir.
WORF; Sir, recommend limited access to our ship.
Wait a few hours, then we can go.
Wait a minute, Data, I think you did something here	.
Wait a minute, Reg, I'll go with you.
Wait a minute, let me guess.
Wait a minute, let me write this down.
Wait a minute, something's wrong.
Wait a minute, that's.
Wait a minute, there is a slight imbalance in your K three cell count.
Wait a minute, wasn't invidium used in medical containment fields?
Wait a minute.
Wait a moment.
Wait a second, Data.
Wait a second, Vorgons?
Wait and see what the Romulans do.
Wait for it to be metabolised.
Wait for me.
Wait for my order, Number One.
Wait here until I return.
Wait him out.
Wait just a minute.
Wait till I make you my fungilli.
Wait till you see her.
Wait until tomorrow.
Wait until you see all we've accomplished.
Wait until you see the holodeck.
Wait, Captain, not so fast.
Wait, I wouldn't need an accurate sampling, just need a pointer.
Wait, wait, wait.
Wait, yes.
Waiter?
Waiting for you to pull another rabbit out of your hat.
Waiting for your order, sir.
Waiting for your signal, sir.
Waiting until the last moment, testing my resolve.
Waiting.
Walk with me, Commander.
Walk with me, Picard.
Walker, what is going on?
Walking or advice?
Wallace and Towles.
Walter Horne?
Want a look around?
Want in?
Want something from you foolish, fragile, non-entities?
Want to help?
Want to join us on the starbase?
Want to see me beg for mercy?
Want to talk about it?
Want to try?
Wanted to tell you.
War is now with you.
War over what?
War over.
War?
Warbird has re-entered the Neutral Zone.
Warbird?
Warm milk helps you sleep, La Forge.
Warm spring day.
Warm tropical breezes, exotic food.
Warm, then?
Warn my people, please, to leave Farpoint Station immediately!
Warn the vessel to stay clear of the planet.
Warn them we'll return fire.
Warning plasma venting system will engage in ninety seconds.
Warning, resonant field applied.
Warning, shield penetration seventeen percent.
Warp and impulse drive are reading within tolerance levels.
Warp and impulse engine relays have been overloaded.
Warp and impulse engines are down, sir, but they can be restarted.
Warp coils damaged.
Warp core to ninety percent.
Warp drive has been around for three centuries.
Warp drive within normal parameters.
Warp eight point eight, sir.
Warp eight point five.
Warp eight, any heading.
Warp eight, aye.
Warp eight, sir.
Warp energy has increased fourteen percent.
Warp engines are at ninety one percent.
Warp engines are coming back online.
Warp engines at fifty percent.
Warp engines ready on previous heading.
Warp factor five.
Warp factor six.
Warp field generators are standing by.
Warp field phase adjustment.
Warp five point five.
Warp five, sir.
Warp four as soon as we're clear of the debris field.
Warp four point five.
Warp four.
Warp grid couplers, subspace field taps.
Warp nine point seven two?
Warp nine point three, Commander.
Warp one point five, retroactive two six one mark three one, sir.
Warp one point five, sir, which is what my instruments have read all along.
Warp power at your discretion, Captain.
Warp power back online.
Warp power has being rerouted to the main deflector dish, Commander.
Warp power has dropped forty seven percent.
Warp power to the shields.
Warp power's offline, sir.
Warp reactor core primary coolant failure.
Warp seven point seven.
Warp seven point six, seven point six five.
Warp seven, sir.
Warp six on your mark, sir.
Warp six point three seven.
Warp six, Mister La Forge.
Warp speed, sir?
Warp speed.
Warp three, evasive.
Warp three, heading two hundred and ninety four mark thirty seven, sir.
Warp transfer to the shields complete.
Warp two, Ensign.
Warp two, heading five seven mark three one nine.
Warp two, helm.
Warp two, sir.
Warriors.
Was Doctor Quaice in Engineering during your experiment?
Was I making noise, sir?
Was I not right, Varria?
Was I seen leaving?
Was I that obvious?
Was I to leave him screaming by his mother's body?
Was I?
Was Tom Corbin there?
Was Wes on the Bridge?
Was absorbed by the graviton wake instead.
Was anyone hurt?
Was anyone with you?
Was he a Romulan?
Was he a prisoner of war?
Was he bluffing?
Was he invisible?
Was he old enough to know his father?
Was he part of the regular crew rotation?
Was he prone to mood swings or depression?
Was he trying to contact her telepathically?
Was he was he happy at all, on Omicron Theta?
Was his father a traitor?
Was it a dream?
Was it a relaxing trip, Captain?
Was it a resettlement of their choosing?
Was it always so?
Was it cured?
Was it good for you?
Was it here at El'nar?
Was it like that?
Was it like this at Lashmir?
Was it one of Q's elaborate tricks?
Was it out of guilt for not helping Rishon and the others when they were alive?
Was it something about the console itself?
Was it the woman?
Was my pa a little too rough on you?
Was my poetry uninteresting?
Was our away team actually over there?
Was she worth it?
Was that a phaser blast?
Was that an invitation?
Was that hard on you?
Was that intended to be an affirmative?
Was that it?
Was that really the Enterprise?
Was that the Captain sending you to Medical?
Was that the orange one with the lumpy skin?
Was that why it failed?
Was the condition that critical?
Was there a medical scan when they transported?
Was there a reason?
Was there any evidence of life?
Was there anything else found?
Was there anything else in the room?
Was this before the Klingons joined the Federation?
Was this incident deliberate?
Was this wrong?
Was this your intention from the beginning?
Was you just born that way, or did your momma marry an armadillo?
Was your cloaking device damaged in the explosion?
Was your father ever unhappy with me?
Was your life there so much better than this?
Was your mother prone to these seizures?
Washington was a military general, not a terrorist.
Wasn't it's supposed to do that?
Wasn't the outpost built to withstand the conditions?
Waste of time.
Wasted effort, considering the human intelligence.
Wasted energy, Captain.
Watch and learn.
Watch as I change the stimuli again.
Watch for it.
Watch him.
Watch it!
Watch now.
Watch that door.
Watch the antimatter containment for any system failure.
Watch the door.
Watch the proximal nerve endings.
Watch the screen and let your mind go blank.
Watch the subject for any signs of unusual behaviour.
Watch your backs.
Watch your roll angle, conn.
Watch your step but keep moving.
Watch yourself.
Watch yourselves.
Watch!
Watching some technician fill deuterium tanks is not my idea of fun.
Water, impurities, sodium salts.
Water, ten degrees Celsius.
Water, three Celsius.
Water.
Watson, the doctor has been carried off by two men.
Watson, we are about to have guests.
Watson.
Wave efficiency has dropped to seventy three percent.
Wave front intensity is continuing to increase.
Wavefront intensity has increased by a factor of ten.
Wavefront intensity has increased by an order of magnitude.
Wavefront intensity has increased.
Way to go.
Ways which in time will not be so limited.
We Are now transmitting the specifics.
We Ferengi do not bring our offspring along with us aboard ship.
We Ferengi now challenge this human madness.
We Ferengi will gladly make a petition.
We Gatherers value our freedom.
We Rikers are ornery, too.
We accept your gracious offer.
We acquired territory during the wars.
We actually are.
We actually haven't been able to get much out of it.
We agree to certain risks when we join Starfleet.
We agree to permitting them two dosages for immediate use.
We agree.
We agreed on twenty.
We agreed you would never trouble my ship again!
We aim to please.
We ain't got none of that fancy European stuff here.
We alarm him for some reason.
We all agreed not to lie to them.
We all are, Counsellor.
We all came secretly, Picard.
We all care for one another.
We all go or we all stay.
We all had to take it before graduating from the Academy.
We all have other friends aboard this ship, too.
We all know the stress you've been under.
We all know you're sentient.
We all know.
We all make mistakes.
We all owe you on that one.
We all react differently to authority.
We all want what's best for the new android.
We almost always encounter shock and fear on this sort of mission.
We already have families.
We already have.
We also come in search of possible survivors from one of our freighters.
We also have an opportunity to introduce the game to Starfleet Academy.
We also have damage to our shields and our reactor core.
We also use the Canar for a stronger emotional link during love.
We always are ready.
We always come back to the human equation.
We always have.
We always made a good team.
We always thought you were a dream.
We answered your distress call.
We apologise.
We appear to be caught in some kind of energy matrix.
We appear to be on a course for Tambor Beta six.
We appreciate anything you can do.
We appreciate your hospitality.
We are Pakleds.
We are Vorgons.
We are a family, Lal.
We are a force now.
We are a medical ship on a mission of mercy.
We are a military ship, not a pleasure craft.
We are a peaceful planet.
We are a peaceful race, a race of thinkers.
We are a people of law.
We are a transport ship.
We are able to make that determination.
We are about to engage impulse engines for a short burst.
We are about to enter the Indri system, sir.
We are about to lose warp drive.
We are after all, brothers lost among infidels.
We are all capable of exercising self-discipline.
We are all in continual contact.
We are all in this together now.
We are all separate individuals.
We are all sworn not to interfere with other lives in the galaxy.
We are all, in a sense, your family.
We are almost done.
We are already at seventy five percent of tolerance.
We are also explorers.
We are also lonely.
We are always delighted when the Enterprise returns to the nest.
We are approaching Indri Eight.
We are approaching Kalla Three.
We are approaching Starbase one seven nine.
We are approaching Tarod Nine.
We are approaching asteroid gamma six zero one, sir.
We are approaching the Devron system, Captain.
We are approaching the Loren system.
We are approaching the border.
We are approaching the class M planet where we hope to find the other colonists.
We are approaching the designated coordinates, Commander.
We are approaching the loading point.
We are approaching the perimeter.
We are approaching the planet Minos, sir.
We are approaching the wave, Captain.
We are approximately thirty billion kilometres from our original position.
We are artists, just like you.
We are asking only for what is ours.
We are at a critical phase.
We are at a desperate impasse in the Peliar system.
We are at a very critical phase just now.
We are at ninety percent of tolerance.
We are at war!
We are at war.
We are attempting to quiet your planet.
We are aware of that, Electorine.
We are back on course to Endicor.
We are back.
We are beginning to encounter the gravitational effects of the string.
We are being boarded, sir.
We are being chased by an unidentified entity travelling at warp speed.
We are being hailed.
We are being pulled inside.
We are born, we grow, we live and we die.
We are brothers.
We are capable of matter-energy transport.
We are capable of recreating all of these events.
We are caught in an energy damping field, sir.
We are charting an unexplored star system within the Zeta Gelis cluster.
We are clear of the distortion.
We are clearing the phenomenon.
We are closer to the answer than we were.
We are closing on shuttlecraft, sir.
We are closing on the Lantree, Captain.
We are closing, sir.
We are competitors in this venture, not partners.
We are concerned about our citizens.
We are conducting a survey of gaseous anomalies.
We are conducting energy output studies of the Mekoria Quasar.
We are conducting routine training operations, nothing more.
We are currently at warp four point five.
We are currently attempting to isolate the corrupt circuit pathways.
We are currently running a full diagnostic.
We are dead, Worf.
We are dealing with ancient codes involving procreation.
We are decent, hard working people.
We are deciding the future of a species.
We are deep in Talarian territory.
We are defenceless.
We are departing the Rana system for Starbase One Three Three.
We are docking at Starbase one three three for scheduled crew rotation.
We are due in the ward room shortly.
We are eager to investigate this unique formation.
We are en route to Starbase sixty seven, to undergo repairs.
We are en route to investigate.
We are en route to newly established Starbase one seven three for port call.
We are en route to the ocean world of Pacifica.
We are en route to your position.
We are enroute back to the Enterprise.
We are entering orbit around Ligos Seven, sir.
We are entering the Lysian system, sir.
We are entering the star's corona.
We are entitled.
We are escorting the Bajoran settlers to their camp on Valo Three.
We are every bit as fragile as an egg and as impossible to reconstruct.
We are explorers.
We are faced with an impossible conundrum.
We are faced with the daunting task of charting this vast region.
We are faced with two major problems.
We are facing an imminent core breach.
We are finishing minor repairs before returning to Federation territory.
We are forced to abandon our starship.
We are forever.
We are from a world, we're from a world of fabulous riches.
We are from the same geostructure.
We are getting an emergency signal from a command transponder.
We are getting out of here.
We are getting underway.
We are glad to see you.
We are going directly to start-up.
We are going into orbit around an unexplored M-class moon of Mab-Bu Six.
We are going to allow her to die, are we not?
We are going to be together a long time.
We are going to consider the possibilities.
We are going to have to jump.
We are going to make another attempt shortly.
We are going to need your help.
We are going to sit, talk, relax, look at the stars.
We are going to witness a moment in history.
We are having an effect but it is negligible.
We are here for the day, from the city of Rateg.
We are here to assist.
We are here to please you.
We are here to provide whatever service you require.
We are here together to honour our friend and comrade, Lieutenant Natasha Yar.
We are his family.
We are hounding an innocent man.
We are in a holodeck-created building of 1941.
We are in a very serious and potentially dangerous situation.
We are in business for ourselves.
We are in close proximity to that planet.
We are in danger.
We are in distress and need assistance.
We are in need of help.
We are in no hurry.
We are in orbit around Antede Three, awaiting the arrival of two dignitaries.
We are in position now to receive the criminals.
We are in position, Doctor.
We are in pursuit of a starship of Ferengi design.
We are in synchronous orbit above the beam down site, sir.
We are in the M4 tunnel, directly under the Governor's residence.
We are in the midst of a repair.
We are in the midst of diplomatic discussions with them.
We are in the midst of the Volterra nebula, a stellar nursery.
We are in their solar system.
We are inside Graves' home.
We are keeping nothing from him.
We are laying out transporter coordinates for a security perimeter.
We are looking for a Bajoran woman, dark hair.
We are looking for two Klingon women.
We are losing communications.
We are losing containment in the starboard nacelle tube.
We are losing our Romulan carrier wave, sir.
We are losing power.
We are losing time.
We are mated.
We are mediators.
We are members of a community.
We are merely visiting here.
We are monitoring increased military activity on Solais Five.
We are monitoring my father's telepathic activities.
We are more alike than unlike, my dear Captain.
We are moving through a dense concentration of energy strands.
We are moving to intercept two Cardassian warships.
We are moving to intercept.
We are nearing the Ohniaka system, sir.
We are no doubt advanced in some areas, they in others.
We are no longer at warp, sir.
We are no longer in danger, sir.
We are no longer losing speed.
We are no longer that cruel, Lwaxana.
We are not a team.
We are not a violent race, Captain.
We are not accusing you of anything.
We are not alike.
We are not dead.
We are not familiar with the terms of your claim on this sector.
We are not here as conquerors, Chancellor.
We are not here to destroy you, Radue.
We are not impressed by your magic tricks.
We are not in the habit of giving away what has not been paid for.
We are not interested in building other facilities.
We are not invaders.
We are not like him.
We are not selling it to him?
We are not strong.
We are not technologically advanced as you, yet we possess something you do not.
We are not the enemy.
We are not the ones who abandoned it, Captain.
We are not warriors.
We are not where we are supposed to be.
We are not your enemy.
We are now approaching the Neutral Zone.
We are now at warp nine point six five.
We are now entering orbit.
We are now entering position.
We are now entering the Turkana system, sir.
We are now entering the rift.
We are now less than two hours away from our rendezvous with ourselves.
We are now on internal power.
We are now testing whether they are aware of our sensors probing them.
We are now two kilometres beneath the surface.
We are now within the distortion wave.
We are obviously at your mercy, but know this.
We are offering more, especially for you.
We are on a course precisely parallel to the probe, sir.
We are on a course to Starbase three zero one.
We are on a crucial mission by order of the Klingon High Command.
We are on a mapping survey near the Cardassian sector.
We are on a peaceful mission.
We are on a quest for knowledge, Mister Leech.
We are on course for Adelphous Four.
We are on our way.
We are on that heading, sir.
We are on the Bridge of the Enterprise.
We are on the Bridge.
We are on the Enterprise.
We are on the threshold of a new era for our people.
We are operating at ninety six percent engine efficiency.
We are orbiting Krios, awaiting our first meeting with the Klingon Governor.
We are out of contact with the away team.
We are out of the void, sir.
We are out of the void.
We are part of a greater community.
We are part of an organization called the United Federation of Planets.
We are passing warp eight point five.
We are picking up a distress call on long range sensors.
We are picking up a subspace signal, Captain.
We are pleased.
We are prepared to meet to discuss your terms.
We are prepared to return in six months.
We are prepared to take Okona by force and die in the doing of it if necessary.
We are prepared to take any steps necessary.
We are prepared to transfer your cargo as agreed.
We are preparing to defend ourselves.
We are preparing to do so.
We are preparing to test its capabilities.
We are presently checking neutrino and heavy particle detectors.
We are prisoners, like yourself.
We are privileged to have been present at the emergence of a new species.
We are probing Lutan's compound deeply with our sensors now, still unnoticed.
We are puzzling to you, aren't we?
We are ready for the final phase of the ja'chuq.
We are ready for transfer on your mark.
We are ready to attempt a controlled overload jump to warp six.
We are ready to begin loading.
We are ready to bring the interface online, sir.
We are ready to commence restart sequences.
We are ready to commence transfer.
We are ready to have you beamed up, Commander.
We are ready to leave orbit.
We are ready to receive you, Commander Riker, and two of your colleagues?
We are ready to receive your Captain and Medical Officer.
We are ready to switch to internal power, Enterprise.
We are ready to transport.
We are ready, Geordi.
We are receiving a transmission from Gravesworld, sir.
We are receiving no signal at all from the approaching starship, sir.
We are receiving, sir.
We are receiving.
We are repairing one of our subspace telescopes.
We are responsible.
We are scheduled to rendezvous with a Ferengi ship in seventeen hours.
We are seeing high energy reactions that may show up in a gamma scan.
We are seeking to learn if this is so.
We are sensing life-forms, sir.
We are set to step up to full conversion immediately.
We are simply passengers.
We are simply to transport Kahless to the Home World.
We are six hours from the Neutral Zone.
We are so much alike, you and I.
We are starting to lose containment on antimatter storage unit three.
We are still in control of these three bodies.
We are still in pursuit of the Crystalline Entity.
We are still investigating that.
We are still investigating.
We are still on course for the Gariman sector.
We are still on the holodeck.
We are still picking up some interference, but the distortion is manageable.
We are still receiving their signal, Captain, but there is no message.
We are still too far away.
We are stranded on a planet.
We are strong now.
We are studying Nelvana Three for archaeological research.
We are studying means of bringing her safely off the holodeck.
We are taking the survivors to Sickbay.
We are the authorities.
We are the first manned vessel to enter the Selcundi Drema sector.
We are the only ship in the area.
We are their future.
We are through the perimeter, sir.
We are to be assimilated.
We are to be witness to a great moment, Picard.
We are to proceed to the agreed coordinates.
We are transmitting visually.
We are transporting you directly to the detention cell.
We are trying to keep the peace.
We are trying to locate Bok now.
We are twenty hours away from Aldea, and no closer to a solution.
We are two hundred and fifty kilometres from the planet's surface.
We are unable to affect it.
We are unable to encompass the entire moon.
We are unable to maintain the gap between the Enterprise and the Borg ship.
We are unable to pursue pending repairs to the Enterprise.
We are under attack down here.
We are under attack!
We are unimportant to it.
We are using the time to further detail the charts of this region.
We are very pleased with the operation of the Enterprise.
We are visitors.
We are waiting for a window in the storm to beam them up.
We are well within tolerance levels.
We are what we are, and we're doing the best we can.
We are within four kilometres of the magma pocket.
We are within sensor range.
We are within transporter range of the Fleming, sir.
We are within transporter range.
We are within two kilometres of the magma pocket.
We are within visual range of the asteroid belt.
We are within visual range of the transport, sir.
We are within visual range, sir.
We are witnessing the end of this existence.
We are working on the problem.
We are your enemies.
We aren't carrying anything harmful.
We aren't well armed and wouldn't last long in a fight.
We argued about it endlessly, right up until we were ready to assemble you.
We argued.
We arrive within the hour.
We ask for that same privilege.
We ask to surrender and now they fire on us?
We ask you that you be gone.
We asked Tokath to let us stay and he took pity on us.
We asked for your help and you refused us.
We assimilate species.
We assumed we were the victims of a new Federation weapon.
We await further instructions from Ten Forward.
We await the transfer.
We await your Captain's greeting with growing unrest.
We await your further instructions.
We barely escaped with our lives.
We barely made it back to the Ferengi cargo ship ourselves.
We beam goods to the Tripoli on a regular schedule.
We beamed them up an hour ago.
We become too involved in the thoughts and shifting passions of the beast.
We beg you to give us our medicine.
We believe everything in the universe has a right to exist.
We believe he is attempting to reach shuttlebay two.
We believe it the outer rim.
We believe it would be preferable if the Captain led this away party.
We believe reason can settle disputes.
We believe so, sir.
We believe that he is responsible for what happened to you.
We believe that they're preparing for an incursion into Federation space.
We believe that we were infected by a supply ship that was here three days ago.
We believe their actions guide us even now.
We believe they are emanating from a tertiary subspace manifold.
We believe this is why the ship jumped to warp.
We believe unauthorised access was made six days ago.
We both cried.
We both fell down together.
We both have pretty good taste in women, wouldn't you say?
We both know Will's innocent.
We both know how to express	important words, like dream.
We both know that pressure will only increase.
We both know that's not true.
We both know.
We both love Deanna.
We both of us feel deeply about what is happening on Ornara.
We both saw the woman.
We both want peace in the Demilitarised Zone.
We both want the Enterprise to be safe.
We buried them in the forest.
We call it Theta Eight.
We call it the phase.
We call ourselves the Q.
We call.
We came a long way to get him.
We came here right after graduation to await our first deep space assignments.
We came here to help these people.
We came here to relax.
We came out of the turn on course for Titan.
We came to investigate a battle.
We came to talk!
We came to the same conclusion so we ran a shipwide diagnostic.
We came.
We can abort the auto-destruct.
We can access any of the primary circuits from all of these panels.
We can accommodate you, Captain.
We can adjust upward later.
We can afford to wait and see if anyone in Engineering notices those monitors.
We can all play the game together.
We can all transport off together.
We can already smell the Anticans.
We can also see smoke, which is a part of the sky.
We can be together again.
We can beam Nuria aboard at will.
We can beam him out from under there, get him right up to Sickbay.
We can begin downloading the database.
We can brook no delay.
We can calculate the coordinates from the angle of descent.
We can camouflage the equipment just as was done with my observation post.
We can certainly try it, sir.
We can clear the air once and for all.
We can confer here on the Bridge, if no one has any objections.
We can create the appearance of death.
We can cross check them against the Intrepid's sensor logs.
We can cure many diseases and we can repair injuries, we can even extend life.
We can delay their takeover but we cannot prevent it.
We can desensitise you to this type of fear.
We can determine their communications frequencies and establish a link.
We can diffuse it before it becomes inflated.
We can discuss it at the Council Chambers.
We can discuss your wounded, but first you will move the ship.
We can do here.
We can do more than they can.
We can do that from right here.
We can easily check the transporter ID traces.
We can effectively scan one sector in a day.
We can either respond to the Pakled demand or not.
We can either use force or not.
We can enhance them through the image processor in the ship's computer.
We can enter orbit while they're on the far side of the planet.
We can expect more of the erratic behaviour of the kind you've been noticing.
We can face it together.
We can find you something that will be quiet and gentle.
We can finish later.
We can get it in the gardens.
We can get more power if we reroute the primary EPS taps to the deflector array.
We can get over it.
We can give it one more try.
We can go back to the mission record, construct a log of everyone's movements.
We can go to the cargo bay.
We can handle all the pleasantries later.
We can head for the surface whenever you're ready.
We can help you.
We can implant a series of neural transducers in your lower torso and legs.
We can initiate a brief, high intensity warp pulse from our current position.
We can learn something from non-disclosure?
We can leave at any time.
We can leave.
We can lower our shields for transport only between the flares.
We can make more.
We can manage without you.
We can manoeuvre on impulse, sir.
We can modify the transporters.
We can move a small moon or an asteroid, but a stellar core fragment?
We can move it.
We can no longer afford to be patient.
We can not allow the violence to continue.
We can not allow their attack on our house to go unanswered.
We can only assume we are under attack, but the ship will not answer our hails.
We can only speculate what occurred on that planet a thousand years ago.
We can only state that a subspace effect seems to exist within this nebula.
We can probably achieve an exact match with a random computer search.
We can programme the ship's computer to supply simulations on the Holodeck.
We can provide you with a kitchen, but it won't really be necessary.
We can push it for nearly seven hours and I think that just might do it.
We can re start the engines in ten minutes, Commander.
We can re-route through junction fourteen B.
We can reach that in forty two hours at maximum warp, sir.
We can reconfigure the primary sensor array.
We can relieve his anxiety through socialisation.
We can save a lot of energy just by improving engine efficiency.
We can search it twice as fast if we separate.
We can see the rest of it some other time.
We can send one of our own shuttles, but its energy would also be absorbed.
We can set the ship's lateral sensors for gamma radiation.
We can simply make the best choice we have at the moment.
We can speculate on the available evidence.
We can step into the Ready room.
We can still save you, but you must stop fighting us.
We can switch off.
We can take you directly through the structure.
We can take you to one where you can build a new life.
We can talk some more tomorrow.
We can talk without being monitored by the computer.
We can tell him later.
We can tell.
We can then increase warp speed and reach Parliament on schedule.
We can try again when the moon comes back to its perigee.
We can try to help you remember what happened using Reflection therapy.
We can try.
We can use every available hand we can get.
We can use it to contact Starfleet.
We can use its energy signature to track you.
We can use the environmental control ducts to get into the compound.
We can use the equipment at the biometrics lab here on the campus.
We can use your relationship with him to help his recovery.
We can visit many other worlds.
We can witness the end of time together.
We can work diplomatically on your behalf.
We can't afford a mis-fire here.
We can't afford any more casualties.
We can't afford it.
We can't afford to be sitting helpless in space.
We can't afford to lose it.
We can't afford to lose the Cardassian treaty.
We can't afford to stay here any longer.
We can't afford to wait any longer.
We can't avoid the future.
We can't be certain of that.
We can't be sure.
We can't both be telling the truth.
We can't communicate with the Bridge.
We can't contact the Enterprise.
We can't delay much longer.
We can't deny the Captain the honour of carrying my belongings.
We can't do it by remote.
We can't do that either.
We can't eat.
We can't energise the beam, sir.
We can't even locate the file address.
We can't fight, we can't escape, we can't go forward.
We can't find anything wrong.
We can't get in!
We can't get past to get at the computer.
We can't go back to the Borg Collective, and we no longer have a leader here.
We can't go in there.
We can't handle many more jolts like that.
We can't help them.
We can't just give it away.
We can't just leave him.
We can't just sit here.
We can't just start hauling it through the ship.
We can't just stay here while our ship is being commandeered.
We can't leave Geordi behind.
We can't leave now!
We can't leave right now.
We can't let her do something like this.
We can't let that convoy reach its destination.
We can't let you out.
We can't maintain a steady course.
We can't maintain a warp field.
We can't maintain power.
We can't make that assumption.
We can't outrun them.
We can't protect ourselves against the unknown.
We can't put him through any further risk.
We can't react to every random thought that crosses the other person's mind.
We can't risk a diplomatic incident until we have more evidence.
We can't shut it down, Captain.
We can't stabilise the link.
We can't stay in here much longer.
We can't stay in here very long.
We can't stay, Captain.
We can't survive in here.
We can't survive in this sun.
We can't take another hit, Captain!
We can't take any chances.
We can't take many more of these hits.
We can't take the risk, Captain.
We can't tell what it is.
We can't the away team beam up with our shields in place.
We can't track down any element that might be responsible.
We can't transport him with the shields up.
We can't trust anyone anymore.
We can't use photon torpedoes.
We can't use the replicator?
We can't wait any longer.
We can't wait three weeks.
We can't wait.
We can't waste time chasing down sensor ghosts.
We can't withstand this heat much longer.
We can, with our phasers.
We can.
We cannot afford this continuing distraction.
We cannot allow ignorance of the law to become a defence.
We cannot allow ourselves think that.
We cannot allow that.
We cannot allow you to do that!
We cannot attend.
We cannot be certain a stun setting will have any effect on him.
We cannot board or search his vessel without cause.
We cannot disengage the modified beams.
We cannot even call for help.
We cannot give them access to Federation technology.
We cannot hold out much longer.
We cannot ignore it.
We cannot just abandon him.
We cannot just sit here.
We cannot let this happen.
We cannot locate Doctor Quaice.
We cannot move and we cannot fight.
We cannot regain honour by acting dishonourably.
We cannot risk an engagement here.
We cannot risk detection.
We cannot run the risk of staying here any longer.
We cannot simply wash our hands of it now.
We cannot turn our backs.
We cannot win.
We carry the membership and we will proceed with their debarkation.
We carry the membership.
We caused the anomaly with the tachyon pulse.
We celebrate the releasing of the spirit.
We certainly have a right to exercise control over our own bodies.
We certainly have them outmanned and outgunned.
We certainly have.
We certainly were wrong this time.
We certainly won't trade weapons for crewmen.
We claim right of vengeance.
We collapsed the anomaly?
We come from a federation of planets.
We come from several kilometres outside the city.
We come from the twenty seventh century.
We come to defend the Empire and to follow the banner of Gowron.
We come to serve.
We communicate.
We complain about work and we wonder about growing old.
We completed a long range scan of the area, sir.
We conceptualise the universe in relatively the same way.
We consider our families one of our strengths.
We considered it.
We continue on course to Endicor.
We continue to run on impulse power.
We convey not only his thoughts, but his emotional intent as well.
We could all join together and welcome Kahless as a united people.
We could arrange passage aboard a medical ship.
We could arrange shore leave together.
We could barely hold you down.
We could be in danger of another attack.
We could be looking at our own ice age.
We could be looking at the future of humanity.
We could be there in five.
We could beam him and the probe fragments right onto the ship.
We could beam it over without any fear of infection.
We could beam up one child in styrolite in suspended animation.
We could blanket the asteroid with high levels of ionising radiation.
We could certainly provide passage off this planet in exchange for information.
We could certainly use the help.
We could claim that the computer was generating abnormal radiation signatures.
We could confine him to his quarters.
We could connect it through an optical sensor.
We could continue the investigation outside the nebula.
We could disable their neural network at a stroke.
We could disconnect the interface and still maintain the input levels.
We could even cut back that number.
We could find some other quarters.
We could flood the ship with anesthizine gas.
We could get out there and find ourselves greatly over-matched.
We could give the shuttle control of our navigational systems.
We could go down there and have a look.
We could go down together and I could show you how to use the programme.
We could go in with phasers on wide beam, stun everybody.
We could grant you asylum, Hugh.
We could have a containment breach in a matter of minutes.
We could have been together almost all of your career.
We could have been trapped here for hours, days, maybe years.
We could have made their burden easier.
We could launch a probe.
We could learn a lot from each other.
We could leave the child here.
We could not disconnect him.
We could not hope to sustain such a project.
We could probably scare up seven, maybe eight, more ships.
We could remove the implant.
We could repair all of the reactors simultaneously instead of one by one.
We could return him to the crash site.
We could ride it through the rift and then break away once we're clear.
We could rule the Empire together.
We could run the shield grid directly off the warp drive.
We could scan the quantum fissure using a subspace differential pulse.
We could send it down through one of these fissures.
We could send over a construction module to attach thrusters to it.
We could split up.
We could station our ships in the Hugora Nebula to avoid detection.
We could still profit from this.
We could straighten the entire thing out if you would ask Mrs.
We could survey the nearby stars for such a planet.
We could talk all night and not convince each other.
We could then lower them in a controlled manner.
We could transfer the away team right into this intersection.
We could try to find another way down.
We could try to reconstitute the data stream.
We could use a hand, Mister Barclay.
We could use any thoughts you might have.
We could use our phasers as a scalpel.
We could use the element of surprise to give us a tactical advantage.
We could use this time to recalibrate the weapon targeting array.
We could very easily get lost in here.
We could widen the opening, then we should be able to crawl through.
We could've been great together.
We couldn't function.
We couldn't get out either.
We couldn't have, sir.
We crashed, sir.
We crashed.
We created him and we created her to be the woman he loves.
We cross the border in thirty seconds.
We decided on Hiro, after my father.
We decided the best thing to do would be to put her with younger children.
We defended ourselves.
We demand an embargo and trade sanctions levied against Rutia.
We demand that you return our crewmember immediately.
We demand that you... cut that off!
We demand you transport at once!
We demand you turn Okona over to us immediately.
We demonstrated to you that mankind had become peaceful and benevolent.
We deny you your prize.
We depend on each other.
We depend on warp drive.
We desire face-to-face negotiation to settle the crisis on Tau Cygna Five.
We destroy them.
We destroyed one of their phaser arrays.
We destroyed their supply bases in that sector three weeks ago.
We detected a sudden drop in transfer efficiency just before the explosion.
We detected no malfunctions before the explosion.
We detected no transmissions.
We detected what appeared to be a Federation signal buoy.
We developed new resources.
We did a full security sweep.
We did a test run while we were still at the starbase.
We did everything we could.
We did feed it.
We did it in three different time periods!
We did it right before we crashed.
We did it!
We did it.
We did not anticipate your interest.
We did not ask you to come here.
We did not attack you.
We did not find it until last night.
We did not have this relationship.
We did not take Palmer.
We did not, after all, injure you in any way.
We did our best to prepare him.
We did recover one of the ships' data recorders, but it was badly damaged.
We did.
We didn't anticipate that somebody would be living there.
We didn't care.
We didn't detect them until we tried to run the resonance frequency scan.
We didn't do anything special.
We didn't eat for almost two days.
We didn't even know if you were real.
We didn't exactly part on the best of terms.
We didn't find anything until we subjected it to a high frequency warp field.
We didn't go after you, we allowed you to come after us.
We didn't have much of that after my father died.
We didn't hear you.
We didn't know his real name, so we called him Jayden.
We didn't know that.
We didn't know there was anything missing in our lives.
We didn't know you were there.
We didn't notice.
We didn't want him to be remembered as someone who panicked.
We didn't want to inconvenience you.
We didn't want to try it on the Countess until we were sure it would work.
We die together, Brother.
We die.
We died at Khitomer.
We discovered instead that you are unusual creatures in your own limited ways.
We discussed this.
We do as we want and we answer to no creature.
We do exactly what we would do if this Q never existed.
We do have a confessed spy.
We do have a working theory.
We do have something in common.
We do know that the disease attacks the brain and nervous system.
We do know the Aldeans can't have children of their own.
We do need you.
We do not assimilate inferior biological organisms.
We do not butcher women and children in their homes.
We do not condone your actions.
We do not fight merely to spill blood, but to enrich the spirit.
We do not have a clear field of fire.
We do not have much choice.
We do not have much time, Picard.
We do not have the evidence to support that conclusion at this time, Commander.
We do not have to prove anything to Gowron.
We do not know anything about them.
We do not know how the offspring will react.
We do not know who is responsible.
We do not make surprise attacks on manned outposts.
We do not need to hear any more from the son of Mogh.
We do not soften our bodies by putting down a pad.
We do not start wars.
We do not want any trouble.
We do not want relations with you.
We do not want to add to an already tense situation.
We do not whine about the inequities of life.
We do not wish to alarm these people.
We do not wish to be your enemy.
We do not.
We do now.
We do, and whoever's taller leads.
We do, sir.
We do?
We don't arriving at Tilonus for another five days.
We don't ask to make contact with those living below.
We don't consider even one survivor petty.
We don't do what they want us to do and then they won't want us.
We don't even have a home any more.
We don't even know if this catastrophe is preventable.
We don't even know what star system we're in, sir.
We don't even know what we're dying for.
We don't exactly understand it all.
We don't get along.
We don't get many visitors.
We don't have a few hours.
We don't have any.
We don't have anything to do.
We don't have designations.
We don't have enough to get back.
We don't have it, Mister Lynch.
We don't have it.
We don't have more time, Doctor.
We don't have much choice, do we?
We don't have much time, Aaron.
We don't have one minute.
We don't have one.
We don't have rain at this time of year.
We don't have that luxury.
We don't have the Federation's resources.
We don't have the luxury to speculate.
We don't have the shields, Captain.
We don't have time for that.
We don't have time for these games.
We don't have time to argue.
We don't have time to go back for him.
We don't have to.
We don't have warp drive either.
We don't just live here, we're a part of our environment.
We don't know anything about her.
We don't know for sure.
We don't know how long it'll stay that way.
We don't know much about what happened either.
We don't know that we have twenty hours.
We don't know that.
We don't know what happened to the Yamato.
We don't know what the enemy needed, Doctor.
We don't know what the risks are.
We don't know what's going on down there.
We don't know why we survived and the others didn't.
We don't know, sir.
We don't lie.
We don't need any more convincing.
We don't need any.
We don't need anyone else.
We don't need it.
We don't need to quibble over minutiae.
We don't obey weak leaders.
We don't ordinarily say please to food dispensers around here.
We don't recognise that treaty.
We don't rendezvous with the Havana for another two days.
We don't stand on ceremony here.
We don't understand it either, sir.
We don't want a ghost tailing us all the way to T'lli Beta.
We don't want him to break under pressure.
We don't want them to think they're under attack.
We don't want to appear provocative.
We don't want to be the ones responsible for their suffering.
We don't want to come forward.
We don't want to die.
We don't want to engage in battle.
We don't want to leave, either.
We don't want you to get too beat up on your first command.
We don't want you to hurt yourself.
We don't want you to judge us by your experience with our brother.
We don't wish to divert resources to such a trivial war.
We done nothing anything wrong!
We downloaded the Yamato log, and contained in the log was the programme.
We each know the consequences.
We each know why we're here.
We eat it purely for pleasure.
We eat the evening meal together as a family, I think that's important.
We eliminated the other three.
We emerge from the natal pod fully grown.
We engaged them, but there were four warbirds.
We ensure the loyalty of the people.
We entered the holodeck together when we first went to see Moriarty.
We erased Doctor Pulaski's transporter pattern right after she transferred.
We evolved out of it because no one else imposed their own.
We expect Timicin to return home as soon as possible.
We expected much more lead time.
We expected you a week ago.
We experienced some kind of loop where everything repeats itself.
We feel a loss more intensely when it's a friend.
We feel in no way neglected, Counsellor.
We feel uncomfortable too, and for no logical reason.
We felt a need to get off the ship.
We figure it's a segment of just part of a network of much larger strands.
We figured out a way to do it by multiplexing the array.
We finally finished the nacelle tube refit last night.
We find the ship before it reaches the awakening point.
We followed a hornbuck into a cave.
We followed procedures precisely, Captain.
We forced it to leave the system but we were unable to affect it otherwise.
We forget how to do the most ordinary task.
We found a sample of blood.
We found a way to imprint specific information in your neurosynaptic patterns.
We found her on our side of the border heading toward Sector two five two zero.
We found him dying in a shipwreck.
We found hundreds of them when we did our initial survey seventy five years ago.
We found it incomprehensible.
We found it near the escape pod's instrumentation assemblage.
We found nineteen different blocks of numbers like this one.
We found no malfunctions.
We found that world uninhabited.
We found the power source to the shield and we've neutralised it.
We found the reason for the geological instability.
We found the wreckage, and the arrow which indicated your direction.
We found these nodes in several systems around the ship.
We found this curious-looking device in your clothes.
We found this in her purse.
We found this inside.
We found this type two phaser in your shuttlecraft.
We found to find better ways to handle our conflicts.
We found traces of Klingon DNA on the station.
We found traces of cadmium salts.
We found two people alive in a house on a devastated planet.
We found you there, in the middle of that debris.
We found your DNA on the bulkheads and the console.
We gave these children an aggressive immunity.
We gave you memories, and not just any memories.
We gave you more than the body of Kahless.
We gave you the experiences of Kahless as written in the sacred texts.
We generally eat about eight.
We get by pretty well, actually.
We gladly did everything he asked of us.
We go back to the Devron System.
We go too far, sometimes.
We got a great show for you tonight.
We got a hot one.
We got a standing ovation.
We got him, Commander.
We got him, jefe.
We got out.
We got through.
We got to eject the core!
We grow up knowing exactly what our society needs from us.
We had a considerable number of conversations.
We had a forced chamber explosion in the resonator coil.
We had a lifetime together, doing all the things we'd ever dreamed, and more.
We had a lot to celebrate.
We had a meeting at oh seven hundred.
We had an agreement that you would stop meddling with us.
We had an agreement.
We had an appointment.
We had an overload in one of the plasma transfer conduits.
We had better disable the site to site transport function.
We had business dealings.
We had completed our investigation of the third tunnel.
We had discussed changing our approach after I filed the flight plan.
We had each other, Wes.
We had many disagreements when we were growing up.
We had no choice.
We had no other option.
We had no such concern for our elders.
We had nothing to lose.
We had only one chance, but I was confident it would be enough.
We had planned a ship's concert this evening.
We had planned to reactivate you, but we never got the chance.
We had some unfinished business.
We had three hours before the storm front hit, less than two hours now.
We had to abandon ship.
We had to act now.
We had to be very sure of you.
We had to come to save them.
We had to come.
We had to confine him to Rog Prison.
We had to disguise it as something innocuous.
We had to get you off the street as quickly as we could.
We had to kill him.
We had to leave quickly.
We had to make sure it would fool everyone, including you.
We had to make sure you were really you.
We had to respond to the threat from the core fragment didn't we?
We had to settle for him.
We had to start somewhere.
We had to stop at Harod Four to pick up a group of stranded miners.
We handle it because we're trained to, as you will be.
We hardly know anything about each other.
We havd a medical emergency in sensor maintenance.
We have Captain Picard.
We have Data to thank for that.
We have a Klingon vessel approaching.
We have a bigger problem than I thought.
We have a chance.
We have a comatose patient with a subdural hematoma.
We have a duty to investigate.
We have a duty to the truth.
We have a fix on the missing shuttle.
We have a great deal to lose.
We have a green panel, sir.
We have a limited, two-second warp capability.
We have a long mission ahead of us.
We have a lot of frightened people down here, Captain.
We have a lot to talk about, Mister Barclay.
We have a malfunction in one of the power grids.
We have a matter-energy device of our own.
We have a medical emergency.
We have a message, sir, coming in from Haven.
We have a minute and a half left.
We have a mission to accomplish and you're going to carry it out.
We have a mission to complete and the crew needs a leader.
We have a network of trails through the plains.
We have a number of ships in sector twenty one five oh five.
We have a patient teacher.
We have a quality of growth which they admire.
We have a real medical emergency brewing up here.
We have a saboteur aboard.
We have a sample of your normal DNA to use as a filter in the transporter.
We have a serious problem here.
We have a ship waiting to rendezvous with us in three hours.
We have a very high success rate in treating deviants like this.
We have a visible transgression, ample witnesses, and an admission of guilt.
We have a visual record.
We have a warship which could intercept the Phoenix before it's too late.
We have a working theory, Captain.
We have accessed the information storage area.
We have accessed the personnel files.
We have all been dancing around the basic issue.
We have all the evidence we need.
We have all the information we need.
We have already reached an agreement with the Chrysalians.
We have already said our goodbyes.
We have already sent a message to Tohvun Three, the nearest neutral planet.
We have also taken on a rather unusual passenger.
We have an environmental system malfunction on the Bridge.
We have an intermittent failure of the inertial damping system.
We have an intruder in transporter room six.
We have an intruder.
We have an obligation to render aid.
We have an opening.
We have an opportunity here for scientific discovery.
We have an unidentified at twelve mark four.
We have analysed the imaging logs.
We have apparently intersected with something.
We have arrived at Lya Station Alpha with survivors from Solarion Four.
We have arrived at Starbase Five One Five.
We have arrived at Starbase one seven nine.
We have arrived at Tagra Four and have begun delivering supplies.
We have arrived at the Tyran system.
We have arrived at the planet that I told you about.
We have at times allowed the strong and violent to overcome the weak.
We have been at Starbase four one six for three days.
We have been at peace for many years.
We have been attacked by Romulan warships and require immediate assistance.
We have been checking on the hospital Administrator.
We have been contacted by the factions on Solais.
We have been expecting you.
We have been experiencing a harmonic amplification effect.
We have been following your investigation.
We have been forced to take this action, Captain, because we need your help.
We have been outmanoeuvred.
We have been over this before.
We have been picking up a curious intermittent blip.
We have been receiving reports from the rest of the ship.
We have been stripped of all propulsion, and our weapons are useless.
We have been tracking it.
We have been trapped inside the asteroid for over eight hours.
We have been trying to reach you for two days.
We have been unable to detect a signal from her communicator.
We have been unable to find definite signs of current habitation.
We have been waiting for you so long, Harry.
We have been wrestling with that problem too, unfortunately without any success.
We have begun the process of counselling the boy with regard to the tragedy.
We have better weapons.
We have bonded and our families are stronger.
We have both allowed this to happen.
We have both been programmed.
We have brought the defective unit to the Enterprise for investigation.
We have brought water to the desert, built a community.
We have business to deal with here.
We have business, Picard.
We have captured one of their spies.
We have children.
We have cleared the asteroid, Captain.
We have cleared the asteroids, sir.
We have cleared the shock wave.
We have cleared the shuttlebay.
We have come this far.
We have come to investigate.
We have communications, and limited sensor control.
We have completed a scan of the planet surface.
We have completed emergency evacuation of four Talarians and one human.
We have completed our search, Captain.
We have completed our survey on the surface.
We have completed the transport sequence.
We have confirmed that Data's discovery is life.
We have considered the possibility.
We have continued to scan the capital city without success.
We have control of sensors, life support and auxiliary power, Captain.
We have created a small conduit breach in this tube.
We have despised each other, fought each other, for centuries.
We have destroyed the target.
We have detected the residual effects of disruptor fire.
We have different sexual organs.
We have distressed the shuttle so that it appears to have been fired upon.
We have done everything we can to explain these comas.
We have dropped to warp seven point two.
We have each other.
We have eliminated both the delegates and the ship's regular complement.
We have encountered a rogue comet in sector one one five six.
We have encountered a vessel which appears to be the USS Yamato.
We have enough power for a few of them.
We have enough problems on the home planet.
We have entered a massive gravitational field, Captain.
We have entered an energy disruption field.
We have entered orbit of Vulcan.
We have entered orbit.
We have entered the Neutral Zone in direct violation of the Treaty of Algeron.
We have every right to detain him, sir.
We have evidence that you're behind it.
We have examined every conceivable risk.
We have finally found a compatible ribosome match for the Romulan.
We have fired!
We have food.
We have fought a pitched battle with it, and lost.
We have found no sign of the intruder.
We have found nothing.
We have found one such phenomenon on the planet's surface.
We have found remnants of tools in caves.
We have found survivors, sir.
We have freed your Captain and doctor.
We have got a dekyon field fluctuation on deck nine, section twenty eight.
We have got quite a facility at Galor Four.
We have got to stabilise her immune system.
We have grown out of our infancy.
We have had no contact with Radue since then.
We have had no further encounter with the Romulans.
We have had other less formal contacts with the Prytt.
We have had our full measure.
We have had prior dealings with Duras that show him to be untrustworthy.
We have had some dealings.
We have heard how they are used to train your officers.
We have heard that you use females.
We have heard this ship can separate in time of battle.
We have him.
We have identified the Bajoran ship you are escorting as a terrorist carrier.
We have injured crewmen in the shuttlecraft.
We have intruders in main Engineering.
We have investigated every possible cause we can imagine.
We have learned so much to walk away.
We have learned to suppress them.
We have less than forty eight hours to prevent a war.
We have less than one minute of reserve.
We have less than three minutes left.
We have less than twenty five hours before impact, Captain.
We have less than two hours of reserve oxygen.
We have limited space.
We have little choice.
We have located a new home for the Boraalans, sir.
We have located the Phoenix, sir.
We have lost helm control, sir.
We have lost one of the emitter circuits.
We have lost shields again.
We have lost shields.
We have lost the warp engine computer tie.
We have lost, I don't know, something.
We have lovely tea here on Rana.
We have lowered our defense shield.
We have mandated agricultural programmes.
We have many people who need our help.
We have many varieties of plant life.
We have measured large gravitational shifts throughout our system.
We have met before.
We have monitored the destruction of our sister ship by the star creature.
We have more important things to attend to than acting as your nursemaids.
We have more sick than we do beds.
We have moved into orbit around Bre'el Four.
We have names.
We have neither the experience nor the technology to exploit it.
We have never had need of such a system.
We have no ability to defend ourselves.
We have no argument with you, Captain.
We have no choice but to destroy this ship.
We have no choice but to repeat the same warp experiment.
We have no choice but to try.
We have no control of impulse or warp engines from here.
We have no control over our Medical Lab nor our computer.
We have no formal relations with the Prytt.
We have no functional propulsion systems?
We have no idea exactly how this works.
We have no idea how molecular transport will affect her DNA.
We have no idea what happened to them.
We have no idea what this decision will mean to their future.
We have no idea where to start looking for the missing DNA fragment.
We have no indication of a transmission of any kind.
We have no language in common, but I want to teach you mine.
We have no law to fit your crime.
We have no need for weapons here.
We have no offensive weapons.
We have no operative aboard a mercenary ship.
We have no other choice.
We have no other industry.
We have no proof of his identity.
We have no reason to believe she's been hurt in any way.
We have no right to withhold such crucial information from her.
We have no ship control, sir.
We have no way idea what the result would be.
We have no way of knowing how this information will be perceived by Data.
We have no way of knowing if Mister Clemens was successful.
We have no wish to kill you.
We have not been able to alter its course toward the cosmic string fragment.
We have not broken free of the graviton field.
We have not encountered this technology before, sir.
We have not established their intentions.
We have not finished taking our readings.
We have not injured you in any way.
We have not received it.
We have not yet identified the substance, Commander.
We have nothing in common at all.
We have nothing to gain from mining it.
We have nothing to say to either of you.
We have nothing we can compare it with.
We have one twelve year old male encased in number six styrolite.
We have only a few minutes before our next meeting, Doctor.
We have only enough power to emit a hydrogen stream for that amount of time.
We have only seventeen minutes of warp power left.
We have only two left.
We have our ship.
We have our sources.
We have our top specialists working on its construction, Mister Data.
We have override control of her Bridge, Captain.
We have partial control of our weapons, and I've doubled the repair crews.
We have partial failure of the main computer.
We have passed through the wave, Captain.
We have passed through two kilometres of the asteroid.
We have people suffering from a lethal plague.
We have performed in London, Paris, Milan.
We have performed physical examinations, and neurological scans.
We have played poker together many times.
We have power.
We have problems of our own.
We have radiation burns and possible respiratory distress.
We have reached the bridge, sir.
We have reached the centre, sir.
We have reached the coordinates, Captain.
We have received information that the new host will arrive in eighteen hours.
We have received your distress signal.
We have rendezvoused with Counsellor Troi's shuttlecraft.
We have replicators here.
We have rescued four crew members from your observation craft.
We have rescued the crewmen.
We have returned to Federation Space and are en route to Starbase two nine five.
We have returned to normal space.
We have rule of law in this Federation.
We have run into an unusual situation, sir.
We have scanned the tectonic stress patterns of your planet's crust.
We have secured the Bridge.
We have sent down what we call an away team to make peaceful contact here.
We have served together.
We have set a course for Romulus.
We have so much to catch up on.
We have some gaps in the aft shields, Captain.
We have some holodecks which you might enjoy.
We have some information you should be aware of.
We have some surveying to do in sector two one three oh five.
We have some things to discuss.
We have something in common, Captain.
We have something very much like this here on Malcor Three.
We have something wrong with warp drive circuitry, sir.
We have successfully reseeded the ozone layer.
We have surrendered what we had for nothing.
We have taken Lurin and his men into custody.
We have taken enough of the Commander's time.
We have taken measures to deal with our colonists who have armed themselves.
We have the chart of the energy field surrounding the shuttle.
We have the coordinates exactly as the Professor specified.
We have the files we downloaded after your experience, Captain.
We have the information you requested.
We have the new phaser adapters.
We have the ophidian.
We have the power to save some of them.
We have the prototype design for the warp engine.
We have the right to survive!
We have the sensor device you are carrying.
We have thought about this a great deal.
We have three thousand troops waiting at the perimeter.
We have time.
We have to anticipate and not make, not make the same mistake once.
We have to assume it's a setup.
We have to assume one thing, sir.
We have to assume the explosion was an accident.
We have to assume the ship that attacked us is still in orbit.
We have to assume they're on their way.
We have to assume they've also taken the Bridge.
We have to be careful, though.
We have to beam back and get them.
We have to beam him back.
We have to begin the salvage operation.
We have to board her, Captain.
We have to cancel the mission.
We have to climb up the shaft.
We have to cut through the bulkhead.
We have to determine what that threat may be.
We have to disassemble four bulkheads just to get to it.
We have to discover what drives this species.
We have to discuss the options.
We have to do that.
We have to dream in order to survive.
We have to find a way to increase the emission strength.
We have to find a way to penetrate the forcefield around Ten Forward.
We have to find a way to reach him.
We have to find another way up.
We have to find out how widespread this effect is.
We have to find out what it is.
We have to find some way to communicate with him.
We have to get a message to the Enterprise.
We have to get as much information as possible about that anomaly.
We have to get him to Sickbay.
We have to get into the Neutral Zone.
We have to get to the Devron System.
We have to get two-dimensional.
We have to get you out of here.
We have to go back.
We have to go down.
We have to go now.
We have to go there and see for ourselves.
We have to go through this millimetre by millimetre.
We have to jettison the core.
We have to keep it up long enough for Commander Riker to get to us.
We have to prepare for surgery.
We have to proceed very carefully.
We have to realign the entire power grid.
We have to resolve this soon.
We have to save humanity.
We have to say goodbye to the people who were in our lives.
We have to separate the ship now.
We have to shunt your pattern through the subspace field coils.
We have to start from there.
We have to stay here and find what is causing the temporal anomaly.
We have to stay here and protect her.
We have to stay here until we find it, no matter how long it takes.
We have to stop it!
We have to talk.
We have to tell her.
We have to tell them something.
We have to trust them.
We have to try to...
We have to try.
We have to!
We have to.
We have traced the Fleming's most likely course.
We have triage teams standing by.
We have two completely incompatible computer systems trying to interact.
We have two extremely powerful and destructive arsenals at our command.
We have unfinished business there.
We have unfinished business.
We have unwelcome visitors, sir.
We have very little time.
We have very strong ties to our ancestors.
We have what we really came for.
We have work to do.
We have yet to encounter any battleships.
We have yet to receive any communication from her.
We have yet to receive transmissions from the two planets of the Nel system.
We have you assigned to cabin seven thirty five.
We have you on our viewer, pilot.
We have, sir.
We haven't agreed to anything.
We haven't been able to get through to him.
We haven't completed our analysis of the bomb debris.
We haven't danced.
We haven't done any analysis.
We haven't even established this phaser is the murder weapon yet.
We haven't found a way to transport you back yet.
We haven't got a prayer.
We haven't got the power.
We haven't had much contact with them.
We haven't had to use one of these for a long time.
We haven't localised it yet.
We haven't look into the comas that were explained.
We haven't much time.
We haven't.
We helped it.
We hold our rituals and our ceremonies there.
We hope that you will help us facilitate our introduction.
We hope you find the room comfortable.
We hope your journey will be pleasant and comfortable.
We hoped our probe would encounter someone in the future.
We hoped their experiences would be useful.
We humans know our past, even when we're ashamed of it.
We humans tend to take a rather balanced approach towards life.
We improvised, sir.
We initiated a rebuilding programme.
We insist that you reply immediately.
We insist that you reply to this message.
We intend to destroy it.
We intercepted several communiques between the Yridians and Cardassia.
We intercepted the weapons you tried to transport to the surface.
We invite your petition.
We just bought this place, lock, stock, and barrel.
We just came by to tuck you in.
We just came to get our people.
We just do.
We just don't have the ears for it.
We just don't know.
We just end up quoting regulations to each other.
We just got the transmission from the Nel system, Data.
We just have to make sure we can change it back again afterwards.
We just locked onto the Tsiolkovsky.
We just need a little time.
We just need to find something in here to hold onto while the air is evacuating.
We just ran a full test of those systems.
We just want an update on your progress.
We just want to broaden your experience.
We just want to get their attention.
We just want to play a few games.
We just went into warp.
We just witnessed him acting very much alone.
We keep saying goodbye, don't we?
We keep them from harm their whole lives.
We killed them.
We knew it was a possibility.
We knew it was prohibited.
We knew that if we disabled enough ships, Starfleet would come.
We knew that one day we would be gone, that nothing of us would survive.
We knew the same answer.
We knew you would not fail us.
We know about the two of you.
We know from our own experience that our shields will protect us.
We know how to deal with spies.
We know how you move back and forth through time.
We know its markings well.
We know so little about them.
We know so very little about them.
We know that you're involved.
We know the Edo share them, sir.
We know the lifestyle of a Kriosian Ambassador is far from comfortable.
We know we don't have all the answers.
We know what it is.
We know what kind of man you are.
We know what you're doing.
We know who you are, Captain Picard.
We know who you are.
We know you have get to New Vertiform City, and we want to help you get there.
We know you were there.
We know you will not take us from this land, Captain.
We know you're behind this, Q.
We know you're dealing in stolen ore.
We know you're dealing with Redblock, Dixon.
We know, Captain.
We know.
We lacked commitment.
We learn as much as possible about a planet before we make first contact.
We learned the rest of the story in security training.
We learned to enhance it, to focus it.
We leave behind a being of extraordinary power and conscience.
We leave his memory intact.
We leave immediately!
We leave together.
We left our world, explored the stars, and found none like ourselves.
We left starbase only three weeks ago.
We left them in our quarters.
We like power.
We like shields.
We like to be smart.
We like to do things on our own.
We limped through space in shuttlecraft for weeks before we were picked up.
We live in a peaceful Federation with most of them.
We live in a universe of magic, which evidently you cannot see.
We live in different universes, you and I.
We look for things to make us go.
We look forward to enjoying the comforts of your fine ship.
We look forward to honouring you appropriately when you return.
We look forward to it.
We look forward to seeing you, Admiral.
We look like children.
We lose our way and get swept up in emotion.
We lost Crusher.
We lost Tasha on an away team under my command.
We lost a lot of good people down there.
We lost four warp transfer conduits, Commander.
We lost it.
We lost our honour when we were captured.
We lost two colonists, but we got the rest in here.
We love a good fight.
We made a good team.
We made fullerenes in chemistry class today and filled them with water.
We made it as far as Terlina Three but, she slipped into a coma.
We make mistakes.
We make no effort to restrict access to our medical supplies.
We managed to shut down the probe's power systems so we could beam it aboard.
We married and had three children.
We may already be too late.
We may be able to assist you in recreating the events.
We may be able to derive a pattern the computer would recognise.
We may be able to detect a temporal disturbance.
We may be able to match hostile's nine point eight, sir.
We may be able to modify the engine to extend that a little longer, Captain.
We may be able to send a deliberate echo into the next loop.
We may be closer to freedom than you think, James.
We may be dealing with irrational people, Data.
We may be facing civil war.
We may be on a road that has no turns.
We may be very much closer indeed.
We may encounter shearing forces once we enter the anomaly.
We may have considerably more than that.
We may have done too much to help them already, Doctor.
We may have problems if he senses someone else is near.
We may have to consider a quarantine.
We may have to get out of there in a hurry.
We may have to jettison the core.
We may have to move quickly.
We may have to pull them out in a hurry.
We may have to put down somewhere else.
We may have to shut it down for repairs.
We may have to stretch it.
We may have to take them under tow.
We may have to transport all your equipment here, to the Enterprise.
We may have to transport her out of there.
We may have to, Number One.
We may have very little time left.
We may indeed.
We may need it soon.
We may need some.
We may need the power from the saucer impulse engines.
We may need to attempt a long range transport.
We may need to count on you for our very survival.
We may need your presence here, Captain.
We may never develop one.
We may never know what happens.
We may never reach that point.
We may not be back here in your lifetime.
We may not have five hours and twenty minutes.
We may not have to.
We may proceed.
We may soon face a critical moment.
We may speak freely.
We may surprise you in a lot of ways.
We may yet prevail.
We mean no harm to any other living creature.
We mean no harm.
We merely used his image to augment your programme.
We met through a friend when I was on shore leave on Earth.
We might as well break out the palm beacons and try to find them that way.
We might as well turn in our uniforms and start packing our bags.
We might be able to deliver it to the same destination.
We might be able to duplicate it.
We might be able to get out of here without using the warp engines.
We might be able to see what it is.
We might be able to use some of the tools to make a weapon.
We might even lose a few circuits in the new configuration.
We might find out more about him.
We might have a chance to save him later.
We might regret this.
We might try the trace.
We misinterpreted your actions as an attack on us.
We missed.
We modified our phasers to create resonant disruptions in the deflector field.
We monitored your distress call but then you never acknowledged our response.
We most certainly are not.
We must act.
We must all leave before Ardra returns.
We must assist, sir.
We must assume that he is armed.
We must assume that there is a threat, if not to us then to 19th century Earth.
We must assume the worst.
We must attack!
We must be able to use the transporters.
We must bear in mind that we'll be putting his next victim at risk.
We must begin a systematic search of the town.
We must continue to Draken Four.
We must continue.
We must destroy that archive.
We must do as the Picard wishes.
We must do the best we can to find out why.
We must do the same.
We must do this again sometime.
We must eject the core!
We must escape this torture.
We must evacuate decks twenty through twenty four, Captain.
We must evacuate.
We must expose their involvement before the deadline.
We must find Nuria.
We must find another option.
We must find another way to get in.
We must find her, access her.
We must find him and stop him before he kills us all.
We must find him before someone realises what he really is.
We must find some other way of locating him.
We must first make ourselves ready for battle.
We must free the crewmen.
We must get him to the runabout.
We must get inside this panel.
We must get the doors closed.
We must get them out, return them to our time.
We must go back to learn more.
We must go down.
We must have Federation help.
We must have come full circle, sir.
We must have hit a pocket of magnesite ore.
We must have the metamorph.
We must know what you want.
We must leave immediately, sir.
We must leave, sir.
We must leave.
We must let the past be and protect what we have now.
We must let them come to us willingly.
We must make plans before those forces reach Beta Lankal!
We must neutralise the Aldean shield.
We must not be separated.
We must not get involved.
We must retreat!
We must return now to Aldea.
We must return to the Collective.
We must say goodbye now.
We must see the Captain.
We must seek them out.
We must select an officer to replace Data at Ops.
We must send an away team to locate him.
We must shut it down.
We must speak to Gosheven immediately.
We must stay together.
We must stop it here so it can't travel back through time.
We must stop the flow of supplies and equipment to the Duras from the Romulans.
We must strive to be more than we are, Lal.
We must take Data to Engineering.
We must tell the others.
We must transmit the new analysis of the neutron migration immediately.
We must trust each other, Tarr.
We must use a natural gravity well to incubate our young.
We must vary shield shape and strength as rapidly as possible.
We must wait.
We must withdraw.
We must work now.
We must, therefore, I repeat, must begin controlling our thoughts.
We must?
We mustn't do this.
We mustn't remain here.
We name this child for a dear friend who died a year ago.
We name you Batai, in his honour.
We nearly hit you.
We need Nikolai's strength now more than ever.
We need Odan.
We need a biomolecular physiologist in here.
We need a distraction.
We need a lever.
We need a little more time.
We need all the power we have to get out of the atmosphere, Commander.
We need an infusion of fresh DNA.
We need help from the Federation to rebuild our heritage.
We need help if we're to increase the water supply.
We need help!
We need it.
We need medical supplies.
We need more dispersion.
We need more speed than that, Commander.
We need more speed.
We need more than speculation, Mister Data.
We need more time or more power, and we're short on both.
We need one of them now.
We need only to programme the computer with details of the specific ceremony.
We need our medicine.
We need some light.
We need some now.
We need some of your children.
We need some spreading around money, Data.
We need someone to read a part.
We need the medicine.
We need those medical supplies.
We need those supplies.
We need those transporters.
We need to access it.
We need to adjust the scanners so they can penetrate those storms.
We need to bring him back.
We need to buy ourselves fifteen seconds.
We need to direct a highly energetic particle beam onto the sun's surface.
We need to distribute these enhancer rods at seven metre lengths.
We need to find Barclay now.
We need to find out who we are and well, what we're doing out here.
We need to find some way to get the Fleming out of there.
We need to get on board the Enterprise.
We need to get through here.
We need to get to them.
We need to help him take a few more steps.
We need to install that plasma conduit right away.
We need to isolate memories that generate stronger negative emotions.
We need to isolate the exact cell that these emissions are coming from.
We need to know as much as possible about Ligonian armaments.
We need to know if there are other survivors on the surface.
We need to know the Federation's defence strategy for Minos Korva.
We need to know what we're dealing with before we start doing anything.
We need to know who, what, where, when and why, or we may be going to war.
We need to make peace with our former lives.
We need to narrow the parameters.
We need to occupy them long enough for you to install the relay.
We need to ration our energy.
We need to regain control of the ship.
We need to retune the phasers again.
We need to run a tissue scan at the molecular level.
We need to stabilise this situation.
We need to start emergency procedures.
We need to talk about Alexander.
We need to talk, face to face.
We need very little.
We need warp drive.
We need you back.
We need you here.
We need you to send us your shuttlecraft Curie.
We need you!
We need your energy.
We need your help, Holmes.
We needed information.
We needed more time to do the proper research.
We never could have gotten this deep into Alliance territory without your help.
We never did, Lieutenant.
We never did.
We never get out in space.
We never have.
We never reached a verdict.
We never rematerialised after leaving the Romulan ship.
We never saw their faces.
We never travelled.
We no longer enslave animals for food purposes.
We no longer have sufficient momentum to escape.
We no longer have the power to reproduce complex elements in the replicator.
We now commit the body of Ira Graves to the timeless depths of space.
We now have full tactical control.
We now have minimum warp drive.
We now have warp capacity, sir.
We now know who has commandeered the Enterprise.
We obey no one.
We of Ligon have been apprehensive about strangers.
We only have three days left and the Cairn have so much to learn.
We only wish to raise quality of life for all species.
We open the external door.
We opened a crack, a window into another dimension.
We ourselves have nothing to hide, of course.
We paid a fair price for it!
We passed a Federation ship several days ago.
We passed within three hundred kilometres of it.
We perform maintenance on the plasma grid at regular intervals.
We picked it up through a wavelength stretchout.
We picked up your colony's distress call and we came as fast as we could.
We plan to channel the reaction through the chips.
We plead nothing so long as you break your own rules.
We prefer meeting like this, rather than a random confrontation in deep space.
We prefer to stay warm by sleeping with a friend.
We presumed you were dead.
We proceed with the plan.
We proceeded to erase all evidence of our encounter with the Paxans.
We programmed the game for an ordinary laser duel.
We promise that.
We propose a trade.
We provide complete weapons systems.
We pushed Josh into it and he wasn't ready.
We put them aboard the shuttle in just the right proportions.
We question whether this court is abiding by its own trial instructions.
We raise them, we care for them, we suffer for them.
We ran an analysis of the probe's hull.
We ran when the tremors began.
We reach Nahmi Four in twenty two hours.
We read you.
We received a distress call from the New Berlin Colony.
We received your distress call.
We recognise your situation.
We recomposite the crystals while they're still inside the articulation frame.
We recreated your science lab in every conceivable detail.
We reduced power and lured them in.
We regret that our system of justice is troubling you.
We remain in orbit around Aldea.
We remain in orbit around Theta Eight, still out of contact with the away team.
We remain in orbit investigating the accident.
We remain like a fly in amber, trapped in the void.
We require relocation.
We rescued three Klingon survivors.
We returned him to health.
We saved them from destruction.
We saw more than what was there.
We searched everywhere.
We see and hear you now.
We see it every two hundred and thirty three minutes.
We see it too, Number One.
We see within you the potential of what you can be.
We seek each other out, always hiding, always terrified of being discovered.
We seek friendship with you.
We seek only what is equitable.
We seem to be in some kind of underground structure, but I don't see any.
We seem to be pretty well sealed in, Doctor.
We seem to be shifting the focus here.
We seemed to hit something, then we started losing speed.
We send him over there for one set of repairs, now they need him for more.
We serve as translators.
We served together a long time.
We set a different standard here.
We set everything in motion.
We set him free.
We shall always retain the best part of the other inside us.
We shall be transporting you to the planet in a few minutes.
We shall find another choice.
We shall have to study it sometime.
We shall join you shortly.
We shall leave in ten minutes.
We shall meet then.
We shall miss you, Mister Crusher.
We shall not underestimate them again.
We shall see if you live up to your reputations.
We shall see if your faith is well founded.
We shall see.
We shall thrash them.
We shift down and then kick hard into warp nine.
We shifted our economy from an industrial to an agrarian base.
We should also see if there's some way that we can neutralise their forcefields.
We should arrive in just under seven hours.
We should at least retrieve the information they were collecting.
We should attack now.
We should be able to get underway I'd say within the hour.
We should be able to navigate out way through them if we're careful.
We should be able to read their ships at a distance of five hundred metres.
We should be able to send a high-energy pulse through the tractor system.
We should be able to start drilling in about an hour.
We should be able to tie them into the Bridge in just a few minutes.
We should be able to view the transmission.
We should be arriving at Earth in ten hours sixteen minutes, sir.
We should be at operating capacity in two to three hours.
We should be back up in eight to twelve hours, Admiral.
We should be better than everybody else.
We should be careful what we say.
We should be clear.
We should be coming out of Titan's gravity well about now.
We should be ready to leave within the hour.
We should be seeing stars by now.
We should be with him.
We should be.
We should begin decontamination immediately.
We should begin the associational therapy in your quarters.
We should bind him in case he wakes and tries to escape.
We should call Starbase 74, and see if anyone can decipher this.
We should check again.
We should check his personal logs.
We should clear the field in twenty seven minutes.
We should confine him to quarters.
We should continue to investigate Tarses.
We should destroy the probe.
We should discuss them with the board of governors.
We should download his computer memory and analyse it.
We should embrace it.
We should get an early start tomorrow.
We should get back to Engineering, Data.
We should get him home.
We should get rid of him.
We should get some sleep.
We should getting those readings soon.
We should go back to the planet.
We should go check the port engine.
We should go home.
We should go now.
We should go to Ten Forward.
We should have a window in less than an hour.
We should have access very soon.
We should have an engine core ready for them by nineteen hundred hours.
We should have attacked the Federation long ago.
We should have been there by now.
We should have explained it better to you at your indoctrination.
We should have extended it much sooner.
We should have let him die.
We should have listened to her more closely, Data.
We should have the first data from Mister Crusher's flight recorder tonight.
We should head back to Federation territory.
We should hold our position until the Enterprise has left the area.
We should keep these mock-ups with us.
We should leave nothing to chance.
We should like to purchase it.
We should look for some way to distract them from going after the saucer.
We should make it look as though we're trying to stop them.
We should never have answered your hails.
We should not delay.
We should not let ourselves die, Jean-Luc.
We should play some time.
We should play together.
We should probably get you to Sickbay.
We should remain undetected until they enter the system.
We should return to the surface.
We should run a complete diagnostic of all command systems.
We should seize it.
We should speak to Commander La Forge.
We should start to set a higher standard for ourselves.
We should stay here for the night.
We should stay on this course until we have reason to change it.
We should support the process and even encourage it.
We should take a look at his logs.
We should take a look at it, Number One.
We should take it over to the shuttle.
We should talk about this later.
We should tell Sarek's wife of our plans.
We should think about going back there.
We should try to find the commonalties in these events.
We should warn all Starfleet ships not to make that same mistake.
We shouldn't fear the unknown.
We shouldn't have any trouble going higher.
We shouldn't make any hasty decisions, Jean-Luc.
We simply haven't found it yet.
We simply want you to leave Zalkonian space as soon as you return the criminal.
We sit and wait to die.
We slept together in doorways, like packs of wild gettles, for warmth.
We slipped away to Mavala Four and got married there.
We smile.
We speak often.
We speak to you in your language.
We spend so little time together.
We spent some time investigating how you became self-aware.
We spent some time together.
We spent two hours on him in astral physics last year.
We spoke with Admiral Budrow.
We start rehearsals tomorrow.
We started a memory purge there as well.
We started doing multiplications today.
We stayed in Ten Forward talking for hours.
We still can't get in there, Captain.
We still can't make heads or tails of them.
We still can.
We still don't know what's inside that thing.
We still have no idea what you represent.
We still have one more problem to worry about.
We still have seventeen minutes left.
We still have the problem of retrieving the database.
We still have time to make it better.
We still have to calibrate the plasma inverter, Commander.
We still have to learn how to live in the real world, Mother.
We still on for dinner tonight?
We still won't have our shields restored by then.
We struggled.
We studied about Klingons in school.
We studied it thoroughly.
We surmise that the Entity was unable to penetrate that barrier.
We surrender.
We survived.
We suspect the organisation itself only to consist of some two hundred members.
We sustained a direct hit, but the damage was negligible.
We sustained minimal damage to decks five and seven, sir.
We sustained moderate damage in the attack.
We sustained some minor damage.
We sympathise with your situation, but what you ask is not possible.
We sympathise with your situation.
We take our obligations to them seriously.
We talk about our families, and we worry about the future.
We talk and laugh.
We talk, we socialise, we waste time and the insurrection continues to grow.
We talked about confronting my fears.
We talked about that.
We talked about this last night.
We talked in a turbolift, briefly.
We tell each other stories, make up songs.
We tested the exocomp and it failed.
We the Q have studied our recent contact with you, and are impressed.
We think he may be held inside the compound.
We think it might slow down their productivity.
We think it started in the past but it didn't.
We think so, now that the sensors can read it.
We think there are ways to reclaim some of our water.
We think they're still caught in the buffer.
We think this is what we've been running into.
We think we can assume the Captain is aboard that shuttle.
We think we have something, sir.
We think we may have an explanation for the odd occurrences around here.
We think we should take a look for ourselves.
We think we've come so far.
We think we've found something, Captain.
We think your system contains one of these null pockets.
We thought the Romulan core would suffice.
We thought the last known co ordinates were a reasonably good place to start.
We thought this one dead as well.
We thought we could do anything.
We thought we could do it.
We thought we had all the time in the world.
We thought we had lost it.
We thought you were at risk.
We thought you would, but we couldn't be certain.
We told him a member of our crew was from the colony.
We too are machines, just machines of a different type.
We took a walk in the Arboretum.
We took control with his permission.
We took it slow.
We took you away from it.
We tracked the signal into the caverns.
We tracked two of our crewmen to this area.
We transmit words.
We transport through a dimensional shift that the Rutian sensors can't trace.
We travelled around quite a bit when I was growing up.
We travelled three hundred years into the past to find you.
We tried to override the commands and send it back in, but it just shut down.
We tried to starve ourselves but they kept us alive.
We tried to warn them.
We tried, sir.
We understand how difficult this will be for you.
We understand only that the Traveller makes use of this somehow.
We understand they are highly pleasant things, but after all, unimportant.
We understand what you are saying.
We understand what's happening.
We understand.
We use a multiphase auto-containment field now.
We use a pronoun which is neutral.
We use it for gathering data on astronomical phenomena.
We use something called the Canar to help focus our thoughts.
We use these to dispatch the animals we consume.
We used played in the park near the lake.
We used ten megajoules with that attempt.
We used the inertial dampers to simulate complete shield failure.
We used to have something called a dynamic mode converter.
We used to have them in our oceans.
We used to live here.
We wait.
We walk the same tightrope between two worlds, you and I.
We want all computer information from your ship.
We want her back.
We want it to stabilise at two hundred and twenty million.
We want our lives back.
We want that to end.
We want the item.
We want the same thing.
We want them.
We want this, we want that.
We want to be fair, Captain.
We want to be nothing if not persistent.
We want to be reasonable.
We want to check your story.
We want to come home.
We want to get into Federation territory undetected.
We want to get more insight into what's been troubling the poor man, remember?
We want to go home.
We want to run a few tests, make sure everything's working okay.
We want what we want.
We want you to go in and find him.
We wanted to examine the nature of command.
We wanted to know if they have improved the cloaking device.
We wanted to see if you had the ability to expand your mind and your horizons.
We wanted you to know how glad we are to have you back.
We welcome outsiders.
We went everywhere, simply everywhere.
We went from base to base to base.
We went in together.
We went out to the forest behind the east arcade.
We went there for picnics and stuff lots of times.
We went through some serious times.
We went to great lengths to give them a fine quality of life.
We went to the holodeck and took a walk on the Champs Elysees.
We were Nova Squadron.
We were a little behind, but we're back on schedule.
We were able to further define the weakness in their shield.
We were able to locate an energy source in the centre of this planetoid.
We were able to open the probe and examine it.
We were able to stabilise Will.
We were able to use an organic sample of the first Kahless to give you life.
We were afraid maybe the whole Federation had been attacked.
We were answering the distress signal.
We were at a research station on Miridian six.
We were at the Academy together.
We were at the arcade, sir.
We were attacked without warning by a Ferengi cruiser.
We were attacked.
We were attempting to assess your status.
We were attempting to trace the source of the malfunction when it attacked me.
We were both orphans rescued by Starfleet officers.
We were brought here the same way you were.
We were captured.
We were conducting some geological experiments on the surface of the asteroid.
We were defending an outpost on the perimeter.
We were defending ourselves.
We were engaging in a simple business transaction.
We were expecting you this morning.
We were exploring.
We were finished.
We were friends, nothing more.
We were friends.
We were going to be a team for a long time.
We were going to keep it a secret until the promotions are announced.
We were going to sell the ore to a Yridian trader.
We were halfway through the procedure when suddenly he attacked me.
We were happy before we came.
We were heading for a medical facility.
We were helping them to survive the war, you understand?
We were hit by a quantum filament.
We were hoping that you could tell us.
We were in contact with them for five of those days.
We were in every one of those locations.
We were in our quarters.
We were in the Black Cluster.
We were incorrect, sir.
We were innocent.
We were instructed to come up with options.
We were interrogated for three months.
We were intimate.
We were invited here by the Kes.
We were just going to ask you the same thing.
We were just talking about you, Wyatt.
We were kidnapped, brought here against our will.
We were looking at them along their edge.
We were lucky.
We were making an empty threat.
We were merely curious.
We were negotiating a peace treaty when I left.
We were no harm to anyone.
We were not expecting to see you on the Bridge so soon.
We were not ready.
We were not willing to wait any longer.
We were on our way to Betazed to return our guests.
We were once as you are now.
We were only interested in a new power source.
We were only playing.
We were orbiting Angosia when you escaped from Lunar Five.
We were out for longer than thirty seconds, Captain.
We were passengers.
We were planning our next shore leave together.
We were protecting our society.
We were pulled into a warp funnel.
We were running a level two diagnostic of the message buffer, Nothing special.
We were running some tests on the engines.
We were seeking raw materials for our replicating process.
We were sent to confront Spock about his disappearance.
We were separated from our bodies and left to drift in the storms.
We were so eager to accept her.
We were so happy.
We were still within flight safety parameters, sir.
We were studying the ruins.
We were supposed to finish the crew evaluation reports.
We were supposed to meet him in the Ufandi system.
We were the two strongest factions.
We were thin, scrawny little animals, constantly hungry, always cold.
We were to meet for breakfast, but I can't seem to find him or his belongings.
We were told that you killed somebody, but we do not believe it's true.
We were told the Array stopped relaying data six days ago.
We were told the outpost was a launching place for a massive attack against us.
We were too late, of course.
We were unable to maintain phase match with the distortion wave, sir.
We were unable to track it once it left the cargo bay.
We were under attack by these, these animal things.
We were unexpectedly delayed at Omicron Pascal.
We were very proud of them.
We were very sorry to hear about Joshua.
We were watching the fire dancers.
We were wondering the same thing about you, Captain.
We were working together to solve a problem in a crisis situation.
We were worried about you.
We were wrong, and Josh died.
We were wrong.
We were.
We weren't able to destroy the ship.
We weren't meant to know each other at all.
We weren't notified of a rendezvous.
We weren't picking up any other Federation ships in this sector.
We weren't sure how we would be received.
We will accuse the humans of preparing to ambush us.
We will add your biological and technological distinctiveness to our own.
We will adjourn to consider your words.
We will adjust.
We will agree, no doubt foolishly.
We will also need to communicate with the Enterprise in sector two thirteen.
We will answer.
We will arrive at your home world in less than a day.
We will arrive in fifty one hours, thirty two minutes, sir.
We will arrive in the Carraya Sector in approximately three hours.
We will arrive within transporter range in three minutes twenty one seconds.
We will assist you as needed.
We will attack.
We will attempt to expedite our work.
We will attend to your quarters.
We will await your signal.
We will back Gowron.
We will be brothers.
We will be cloaked.
We will be continuing our research in this system for a while longer.
We will be dead.
We will be destroyed.
We will be entering the Turkana system in eleven minutes, Captain.
We will be entering the debris field in eight seconds.
We will be going beyond mathematics.
We will be happy to cooperate, Doctor.
We will be ignored no longer.
We will be in orbit around Peliar Zel within six hours.
We will be killed.
We will be more alike, Data, you and I.
We will be on our way.
We will be operational in less than one hour.
We will be out of communication range when we leave orbit.
We will be within tractor beam range in two seconds.
We will beam a science team of three to whatever co-ordinates you propose.
We will begin settlement of this world in four days.
We will begin the ceremony a little late.
We will begin the ja'chuq.
We will both be destroyed by the explosion.
We will bring you down when we are ready.
We will contact you in a few minutes.
We will deposit you at the first starbase.
We will destroy the alien.
We will die to the last one of us before such dishonour!
We will die.
We will disable part of his network here, where they're weakest.
We will discuss that in time.
We will discuss this later.
We will do as you ask, Captain.
We will do whatever we can to help you preserve it.
We will drop you at a starbase, then you can go where you wish.
We will each take a hostage for protection.
We will end this war, if you will end the war.
We will enter the sun's photosphere in three minutes.
We will eradicate the human infestation.
We will evacuate you and give you medical care.
We will expect you to rendezvous at that time.
We will fight you.
We will find Doctor Pulaski in here.
We will find Moriarty this way, sir.
We will find some way to undo the damage we've caused.
We will forward coordinates for immediate transport.
We will get through this, as we have many times before.
We will get what we need from the human female.
We will give more attention to the rhythmic patterns at our next rehearsal.
We will give you more on this as our understanding increases.
We will gladly yield that honour to you, Lieutenant Commander.
We will go together.
We will handle the formal introduction later.
We will have a nice long talk.
We will have clear evidence.
We will have respect.
We will have the results of the analysis in approximately ten minutes.
We will have tipped our hand to the Tamarians.
We will have to continue this another time.
We will have to deal with it as best we can for now.
We will have to go to the Bridge.
We will have to leave it behind.
We will initiate radiation protocol when necessary.
We will intercept it in twenty two minutes.
We will keep Troi captive.
We will keep searching, sir.
We will keep you informed of our progress.
We will know soon.
We will leave and never return.
We will leave you.
We will make our own judgments then.
We will need a diversion.
We will need autonomy.
We will need to run several microcellular scans.
We will never tell anyone of your existence.
We will no longer be a source of amusement.
We will no longer share in this pointless fantasy of yours.
We will not arrive in your star system for at least three weeks.
We will not be able to reach him before he intercepts the Cardassian ship.
We will not be bullied off our land.
We will not be chased away by some unruly crowd.
We will not be going to Haven.
We will not even be mentioned.
We will not fire on them, Electorine.
We will not give it up easily.
We will not go back.
We will not let them go.
We will not let them separate us again.
We will not proceed.
We will not show ourselves to a mere subordinate.
We will not speak of this matter again.
We will not stand for this clearly provocative behaviour.
We will not survive.
We will not tolerate these ridiculous accusations!
We will pass as close as we possibly can.
We will perform Chopin's Trio in G Minor.
We will prepare for your arrival, Commander Riker.
We will proceed to Earth, and if you attempt to intervene, we will destroy you.
We will proceed with our mission to Farpoint as planned.
We will proceed with the probe.
We will put to rest this question of your legal status once and for all.
We will reach the class M planet in approximately eleven hours, sir.
We will reach the photosphere in thirty seconds.
We will reach the rock face in five seconds.
We will reach you in six hours.
We will reconvene at thirteen hundred hours tomorrow.
We will reconvene tomorrow.
We will rejoin the Collective.
We will remove them, but you must grant us the time we require.
We will rendezvous with the warship Q'Maire at oh seven forty hours.
We will report as soon as our mission is accomplished.
We will return for the Mek'ba, when the evidence will be presented.
We will return to the holodeck, where I will dare it to defeat me.
We will save Palmer for the Picard.
We will save you time.
We will say that Gowron used a dishonourable tactic in his fight with Kahless.
We will send a new arrival time as soon as it is determined.
We will send you home to your wet sand.
We will send you home.
We will separate the ship when I decide that it's time, and not before.
We will set up a muon feedback wave inside the transfer beam.
We will soon know all we need to know, and then we will execute you.
We will speak again soon.
We will start with the assumption that I am not crazy.
We will stay as long as possible.
We will take the Ambassador with us and search him ourselves.
We will take them with us and see that they were reunited with their families.
We will tell them the truth.
We will therefore return you to your places of origin.
We will transfer the Talarians to Captain Endar.
We will transmit coordinates for you to beam it aboard.
We will transmit it on all Federation subspace frequencies.
We will transmit the information shortly.
We will transport back to the Enterprise from there.
We will travel safely until we return to the surface.
We will try to honour him in the manner in which he specified, will we not, sir?
We will use an experimental interface probe in our attempt to rescue it.
We will use extreme caution.
We will use our tractor beam to tow you to the nearest base.
We will wait for Hali to return.
We will wait until he feels the grasp of his enemies around his throat.
We will wait.
We will work together.
We will, I promise you.
We will, if you provide the correct access codes.
We wiped your processors after we finished refining your programming.
We wish only to return to our worlds.
We wish to address the Council.
We wish to end the hostilities.
We wish to improve ourselves.
We wish to offer our services to serve the Tkon Empire at no profit.
We wish you could understand the glorious adventure ahead.
We wish you well, Mister Ramsey.
We wished to experience them for ourselves.
We withdraw our surrender.
We won't be able to hold our shields in place.
We won't be able to maintain energy reserves.
We won't be able to reinforce the conduit to hold that power level.
We won't be able to stay in here longer than another three or four minutes.
We won't be able to test neuromuscular function for a few days.
We won't be inviting these Romulans to our party, will we?
We won't be on your ship for long.
We won't cause you any more trouble.
We won't go back.
We won't have any trouble getting these implants out now.
We won't have much time.
We won't have to worry much past minus seventy or so.
We won't know if it's working till the levels are below three hundred percent.
We won't need them for long.
We won't require a full ship's complement.
We won't step into Picard's trap.
We work with all the systems that are affected.
We would all sing afterward.
We would be defenceless.
We would be more than willing to extend our visit, sir.
We would completely burn off the planet's atmosphere.
We would give her asylum.
We would have detected it.
We would have found a transporter field trace.
We would have no idea how to do it again.
We would have to surround the core with a subspace isolation field.
We would like time to prepare our people for assimilation.
We would like to discuss the situation.
We would like to express our gratitude.
We would like to get out of here.
We would like two torches.
We would like you to be our guest here.
We would need to cross-connect six units and align them so the fields overlap.
We would not know how.
We would rather be your friends.
We would rather die.
We would request that you withdraw and leave the matter to us.
We would require no special attention.
We wouldn't want to do anything else.
We'd almost given up hope.
We'd be delighted if you and your First Officer would join us for dinner.
We'd be gods, which we're not.
We'd be grateful for any help you can give us.
We'd be happy to.
We'd be leaving my mother and her crew stranded on the planet.
We'd be unscrambling his circuits for a week.
We'd been told that the Klingon outpost was undefended.
We'd better check it out.
We'd better find Wesley.
We'd better find a defensive position.
We'd better finish planting first.
We'd better finish planting the seeds first.
We'd better get started before there's nothing left to mend.
We'd better get to Engineering.
We'd better return to our ship now.
We'd better run a level two diagnostic on the computer.
We'd better slow these engines down before we burn out the reaction chamber.
We'd better take a look at him.
We'd better take a look.
We'd channel it through the EPS mains on deck four, near Cargo bay four.
We'd come out of warp just long enough to energise the beam.
We'd flown together a long time.
We'd hardly risk the safety of your people.
We'd have to avoid tractor force rebounding, but that shouldn't be hard.
We'd have to configure the torpedo very carefully.
We'd have to hit all three with a single discharge.
We'd have to hold you in there for a while.
We'd have to remove his memory of being on the Enterprise.
We'd have to shut down all computer function in the saucer section.
We'd like to know why.
We'd like to move the generator back to the Enterprise for replication.
We'd love to!
We'd need Hannah on the ship.
We'd need a week just to get started.
We'd need about an hour to establish all the interface parameters.
We'd need to apply a delta vee of about four kilometres per second.
We'd never get there in time.
We'd repolarise one pathway and another would collapse.
We'll adjourn for now while we all reconsider our positions.
We'll adjust, accommodate.
We'll advise you further as soon as you reach your destination, Number One.
We'll all be burning the midnight oil on this one.
We'll all be dead anyway.
We'll all be dead.
We'll all be home in time for dinner.
We'll all die.
We'll arrive about an hour before the storm gets there.
We'll be able to attempt contact in a few minutes.
We'll be able to give you warp eight if you need it.
We'll be able to verify his effectiveness.
We'll be at Calder Two within five hours.
We'll be at Mordan in three hours.
We'll be at the rendezvous on schedule, don't worry.
We'll be back in touch.
We'll be back.
We'll be coming into orbit of Vulcan in less than an hour, Captain.
We'll be crossing the border in less than one minute.
We'll be entering the upper ionosphere in two minutes and twenty seconds.
We'll be fine, Commander.
We'll be going back.
We'll be in main Engineering.
We'll be in position to use the tractor beam in less than an hour.
We'll be in sensor range of the Hera within a few minutes.
We'll be in the system for the next several days at least.
We'll be in uncharted waters.
We'll be late for dinner.
We'll be lucky if we can maintain warp six.
We'll be on our way within the hour.
We'll be on our way.
We'll be on the Bridge.
We'll be out of here in a minute.
We'll be reaching starbase soon.
We'll be ready, Captain.
We'll be ready.
We'll be returning to the beam-out point shortly.
We'll be there in less than eight hours.
We'll be there.
We'll be underway as soon as our engines are online.
We'll be waiting here to pick you up.
We'll be waiting.
We'll be watching.
We'll be within transporter range in nineteen seconds.
We'll beam directly to the Observation lounge.
We'll beam you up in suspended animation like the boy.
We'll begin a search as soon as we've completed that.
We'll begin our crew survey on decks five through ten.
We'll begin transporting the survivors on board immediately.
We'll both go.
We'll bring her home, Wes.
We'll chat with her later if you're not wearing anything flammable.
We'll check it out.
We'll check your story.
We'll circuit in auxiliary power to the Bridge.
We'll collapse into nothing but a few pounds of chemicals.
We'll come back to it next period.
We'll concentrate our fire and try to collapse its shield.
We'll conquer them again later, if we wish.
We'll contact you again once we've finished studying the mission specs.
We'll contact you as soon as the sensors are back online.
We'll contact you as soon as we're ready.
We'll continue later.
We'll continue on other fronts as they present themselves.
We'll continue our survey along the way.
We'll continue the blockade, leave the next move to them.
We'll continue this later.
We'll create as many chroniton fields in there as we can.
We'll deal with that later.
We'll deal with that when the time comes.
We'll direct the energy burst right at the ship with the android Captain.
We'll discuss it in the Observation lounge.
We'll discuss it later, Mister Data.
We'll discuss it then.
We'll discuss the payment terms later.
We'll discuss this after we've transport over.
We'll discuss this further when you return.
We'll discuss this later.
We'll discuss your situation with Captain Endar.
We'll do a parallel transport on the Captain.
We'll do it just like before.
We'll do just fine.
We'll do our best to get it out of here as quickly as possible.
We'll do our best to make a good impression, sir.
We'll do our best.
We'll do some jokes.
We'll drink wine and we'll dance.
We'll enter orbit here.
We'll enter the Black Cluster at oh seven hundred hours tomorrow morning.
We'll enter warp once we're clear of the system.
We'll er, we'll send you home.
We'll explain that later.
We'll fight and we'll conquer again and again.
We'll figure it out for you, Commander.
We'll find a new planet to live on.
We'll find a way to bring them out of warp.
We'll find the anomaly.
We'll get him out of there.
We'll get off with a reprimand.
We'll get right on it.
We'll get to the rest of the act another time, Data.
We'll get to work on it right away, Sir.
We'll get to work on it.
We'll get you back.
We'll get you some quarters.
We'll get you to Sickbay as soon as we can.
We'll get you to Sickbay.
We'll give you cover.
We'll gladly take you home.
We'll gladly take you with us on the Enterprise.
We'll go around, just to be on the safe side.
We'll go as soon as you're ready.
We'll go back.
We'll go into that later.
We'll go see Data.
We'll go to Engineering since that's where the trouble is.
We'll go to the Council Chambers.
We'll go.
We'll greet you in the reception area in, say, twenty minutes?
We'll handle this.
We'll have Starbase Montgomery give us an independent reading.
We'll have a better idea after Mister Barclay runs a check on the power systems.
We'll have a complete power survey done within the hour.
We'll have a huge dinner.
We'll have a ship full of Klingons who think the war is still going on.
We'll have an answer shortly.
We'll have full warp capability in twenty minutes.
We'll have some fun.
We'll have the fleet back up in less than a year.
We'll have the transporter room standing by.
We'll have this all fixed up in time for supper.
We'll have this smoothed out in just a second.
We'll have time to grieve later.
We'll have time together.
We'll have to beam the medical supplies aboard and get out fast.
We'll have to board the Enterprise and take the artefact.
We'll have to call you something besides Ice man until your memory returns.
We'll have to check the craft for something to protect our heads and eyes.
We'll have to disconnect it ourselves.
We'll have to do some moulds of his ears as well.
We'll have to do some tests on his skin pigmentation.
We'll have to do with more conventional approaches.
We'll have to go after it.
We'll have to go through the specs again, but.
We'll have to lower shields.
We'll have to move fast.
We'll have to perform the synaptic reconstruction.
We'll have to rappel from here.
We'll have to sedate her.
We'll have to shut off some systems.
We'll have to take it into the Raman's auxiliary control room.
We'll have to use fusing pitons.
We'll hold position while we seek an explanation for these anomalies.
We'll hold this position and wait for them.
We'll hope to do the rest.
We'll join you shortly.
We'll just beam the whole thing to a shuttlebay if we have to.
We'll just have our little chat later.
We'll just have to do the best we can without you.
We'll just have to hope somebody responds before Fajo is able to destroy us.
We'll just have to hope the simulation holds long enough.
We'll just have to see how ready you are.
We'll just take them one at a time.
We'll keep a comm.
We'll keep the door open, see where it leads us.
We'll keep you advised, Doctor.
We'll keep you dry.
We'll keep you informed of our progress.
We'll keep you so busy you won't have a chance to.
We'll know in a minute.
We'll know soon enough if he can deliver.
We'll launch a class five probe just before we reach the border.
We'll lead you.
We'll leave a skeleton crew on board the ship.
We'll leave it behind to monitor the final closure.
We'll let them know our peaceful intention.
We'll let you know as soon as there's anything to tell you.
We'll lock on and pick you up.
We'll look around then leave.
We'll look into it.
We'll make all preparations.
We'll make it one for the history books.
We'll make our stand there.
We'll make sure Isabella isn't anywhere around, okay?
We'll manage.
We'll meet on the Bridge.
We'll meet you on the Enterprise.
We'll need a complete del-scan series.
We'll need a few days of hyronalin treatments.
We'll need a few.
We'll need an extra hand around here.
We'll need chairs.
We'll need to dump the entire engine core.
We'll need to find her again.
We'll need to synthesise at least a litre of Cardassian blood.
We'll need your help in analysing it.
We'll never be able to find what we're looking for.
We'll never find them in the greenwood.
We'll never get them out in time.
We'll never get through the gravitic sensor nets.
We'll never have this chance again.
We'll never make it.
We'll never see our homes again.
We'll only need one.
We'll only tell that when we see his behaviour.
We'll prepare a new container.
We'll probably never get another chance to see something like this.
We'll proceed with caution.
We'll proceed with the demonstration at fifteen hundred hours.
We'll provide anything you need or want.
We'll re-establish the net there.
We'll rearrange the suite assignments.
We'll reconvene at oh five hundred.
We'll rendezvous with the ship in three minutes, sir.
We'll respect your wishes.
We'll return to the Enterprise and consider your proposal.
We'll run out of water.
We'll sabotage them again if we have to.
We'll save that argument for another day.
We'll say, no, sir.
We'll see if that has an effect on the microbes.
We'll see that you have another chance.
We'll see to that.
We'll see what L'Kor thinks of this.
We'll see what we can do here.
We'll see what we can do.
We'll see whose circuits short out.
We'll see you later tonight.
We'll see, won't we?
We'll set a course.
We'll show them what this baby can do, sir.
We'll show you.
We'll shut them down a few at a time.
We'll soon find out, won't we.
We'll stand by for your signal.
We'll start a pattern search from this point.
We'll start there and expand.
We'll start tomorrow morning, oh eight hundred hours.
We'll start with that.
We'll start with the classics.
We'll start with the higher functions before we get down to basics.
We'll stay and investigate.
We'll stay in the area until the Enterprise finds us.
We'll stay on this course until we have reason to change it.
We'll take Wesley by stretcher as well.
We'll take care of everything.
We'll take it back to the ship with us.
We'll take it here.
We'll take it through the asteroid belt ourselves.
We'll take it to Science Station four oh two in the Kohlan system.
We'll take samples from eight random sections.
We'll take the alien ship to the nearest Federation starbase.
We'll take them with us.
We'll take this one step at a time.
We'll take you to him.
We'll talk about it later.
We'll talk about it, Geordi.
We'll talk about the details later.
We'll talk again in the morning.
We'll talk again later, Captain.
We'll talk again soon, Commander.
We'll talk more later.
We'll transmit the information.
We'll try again.
We'll try and keep them occupied until you arrive.
We'll try and put an end to this from here.
We'll try and take them by surprise.
We'll try and track it down from here.
We'll try diplomacy.
We'll try to get a tractor beam on you.
We'll try to make you as comfortable as possible.
We'll try to stay out of the way.
We'll use him as a hostage if Starfleet arrives.
We'll use our deflectors clear a path through the asteroids.
We'll use that in conjunction with the cortical stimulator.
We'll use the Jefferies tube.
We'll use the transporter in that shuttle.
We'll use those to chart the null space.
We'll wait a bit more, Number One.
We'll wait five more minutes.
We'll wait for you at the table.
We'll wait here for months if necessary.
We'll want all transporters operational by then.
We'll work this out.
We'll work verbally.
We'll, um, we'll take a short recess.
We're Starfleet cadets.
We're Starfleet officers who've known each other for many years.
We're a battleship.
We're a good people, Captain.
We're a little busy right now.
We're a mission that has no apparent purpose.
We're a rescue party.
We're about to force the door.
We're about to get our first look at the wormhole.
We're about to go our separate ways again.
We're about to light up the nebula.
We're about to lose number four deflector.
We're accelerating.
We're accommodating you in quarters normally reserved for Starfleet admiralty.
We're acquainted with the wormhole phenomenon, but this?
We're adrift in the heavens.
We're adrift.
We're afraid whatever happened on the Brittain may be starting here.
We're all anticipating this historic first look at the region.
We're all being manipulated, Lieutenant, myself most of all.
We're all here.
We're all hurting, and we're all angry.
We're all jigging madly on the head of a pin anyway.
We're all missing some of the fragments, not necessarily the same ones.
We're all more than the sum of our parts, Data.
We're all right.
We're all set here.
We're all smiles down here.
We're all sympathetic, Lieutenant.
We're all very proud of her.
We're allies.
We're almost done, sir.
We're almost finished with the autopsies, Captain.
We're almost out of time.
We're almost ready.
We're almost there, Captain.
We're almost there, Commander.
We're already at the maximum limits of our towing speed, Commander.
We're already hitting our maximum thermal limits.
We're already under quarantined.
We're already working on it, sir.
We're also Starfleet Officers.
We're analysing the engineering systems data, Captain.
We're approaching Gagarin Four, Captain.
We're approaching Solais Five.
We're approaching Starbase Five One Five, sir.
We're approaching the Devidia system.
We're approaching the Federation border.
We're approaching the Jaradan sector.
We're approaching the Neutral Zone, Captain.
We're approaching the Wolf system, Captain.
We're approaching the shuttlecraft.
We're approaching the surface.
We're approximately here.
We're asking the questions.
We're at a critical juncture, sir.
We're at five hundred thousand kilometres.
We're at forty million kilometres from the neutron star, sir.
We're at nine point four, sir.
We're at twenty kilometres, Captain.
We're at warp four.
We're attempting to employ alternate encoding schemes.
We're attempting to restore the information, but that will take some time.
We're attempting to withdraw and regroup.
We're aware of that, Captain.
We're aware of the risks.
We're aware of your ties with the Ansata.
We're back into safe levels.
We're beaming on board.
We're becoming one, Beverly.
We're beginning to think that there's some kind of a conspiracy going on.
We're being blocked at every turn.
We're being blocked.
We're being buffeted a bit.
We're being probed, sir.
We're being pulled inside.
We're being scanned, sir.
We're being stripped one system at a time.
We're below mach one.
We're birds of a feather.
We're brand new.
We're breaking up.
We're bringing a Borg survivor on board.
We're bringing the new warp core on line in less than three hours.
We're bringing up the rest of the cargo now.
We're bringing you home.
We're bringing you in.
We're brothers.
We're buying this place.
We're caught in some kind of energy field.
We're caught in the planet's gravity.
We're caught in the wake.
We're changing course to intercept.
We're changing course.
We're checking it out now.
We're children.
We're clear of the nebula, sir.
We're clear of the strands.
We're clear of the structure.
We're close.
We're colleagues.
We're coming back?
We're coming into visual range.
We're committed to this mission.
We're concerned.
We're constructing the enclosure on cargo deck five.
We're continuing repairs.
We're conveying a mediator to Seronia.
We're counting on you, Lieutenant.
We're crossing into Klingon territory, Captain.
We're dead in the water until you get us out of here.
We're dead, Geordi.
We're dealing with an extremely narrow access point.
We're definitely making progress, Captain.
We're delivering live vaccine bacilli to Tagra.
We're descendants of the original settlers, from the colony ship Artemis.
We're desperate.
We're directly in the path of-
We're disconnecting you right now.
We're discussing the Ferengi.
We're diverting all available power.
We're doing all we can.
We're doing everything in our power to control them.
We're doing fine.
We're down to nine percent.
We're down to thirty four percent of reserves.
We're due to arrive in three days.
We're dying down here.
We're dying.
We're en route to Sarona Eight for much needed shore leave.
We're en route to the Federation Research station on Gagarin Four.
We're entering the Legaran system, sir.
We're entering the anomaly, sir.
We're establishing the link right now.
We're evaluating hull resiliency.
We're expecting it in just over five hours.
We're extending the scan to adjacent levels.
We're fairly well quake-proof down here, Picard.
We're falling directly into the star.
We're falling!
We're fine, Data.
We're fine, sir.
We're finished.
We're friends of Nikolai and Worf.
We're friends, aren't we?
We're friends.
We're frightened.
We're from a Federation starship.
We're from a ship called the Enterprise.
We're from the United Federation of Planets.
We're getting a clear scan.
We're getting close.
We're getting closer to tracing their movements.
We're getting indications that this condition is spreading.
We're getting unusual readings twenty thousand kilometres off the starboard bow.
We're giving everyone a thorough checkups in Sickbay.
We're giving you a choice.
We're glad to be of help, Doctor.
We're going back in the rift, into battle.
We're going below tolerable oxygen limits.
We're going down to the surface.
We're going home, Geordi.
We're going in?
We're going to assume the Yamato's mission.
We're going to back to the ship.
We're going to be in the same sector next week.
We're going to be late for the concert.
We're going to be one.
We're going to be quite a team.
We're going to be together.
We're going to beam them aboard directly onto the Bridge.
We're going to bridge the two transporter systems.
We're going to burn up.
We're going to clear up this misunderstanding once and for all.
We're going to cross the border here.
We're going to die in here!
We're going to die!
We're going to die, too.
We're going to die.
We're going to do our best.
We're going to eat in just a few minutes.
We're going to explore the rest of the hotel.
We're going to fight this.
We're going to find him.
We're going to find our people with or without your help.
We're going to forget about work.
We're going to get back home.
We're going to get out of here.
We're going to get you out of here.
We're going to have fun.
We're going to have to change.
We're going to have to climb up to the next deck.
We're going to have to do it manually.
We're going to have to eject the warp core.
We're going to have to go down there to find it.
We're going to have to go under the station and access the core directly.
We're going to have to help him build a new one.
We're going to have to recalibrate all the frequencies to find one that'll work.
We're going to have to shield her from all outside stimuli by inducing coma.
We're going to have to shut it down then anyway.
We're going to have to start the programming sequence all over again.
We're going to have to tell them something.
We're going to have to treat them as living human beings.
We're going to have to try and vent the plasma!
We're going to have to work through the Kes.
We're going to help you.
We're going to intercept that ship.
We're going to keep on climbing.
We're going to live in a home just like we used to on Earth.
We're going to lose containment.
We're going to lose it in about four minutes.
We're going to lose some maneuverability, so keep a firm hand on the helm.
We're going to make a wonderful team.
We're going to make it.
We're going to make sure it doesn't happen again.
We're going to need it.
We're going to need new definitions.
We're going to need some more room to make manual adjustments.
We're going to need to do a room to room search.
We're going to need two more conduits.
We're going to need your help on this.
We're going to push that barge into the Gamelan sun.
We're going to search the ship.
We're going to talk to it.
We're going to try to cut this cord.
We're going to watch it.
We're going try to access their main computer.
We're going up.
We're growing.
We're halfway home.
We're having a little difficulty on cargo deck five.
We're having a little impromptu reception for the arriving delegates.
We're having an effect.
We're having difficulties with our communications.
We're having difficulty getting a fix.
We're having guests for laughing hour.
We're having problems with the EPS systems and the power distribution matrix.
We're having some problems with the aft shields.
We're having trouble contacting your government directly.
We're having trouble containing reactor nine, sir.
We're having trouble keeping the deflectors cross connected.
We're having trouble reading you.
We're headed for the Sakethan burial mounds on Calder Two.
We're heading for the Cordannas system.
We're heading into the atmosphere.
We're hearing a few thousand subspace messages.
We're here alone.
We're here engaged in scientific research.
We're here on a mission of peace.
We're here on an errand of mercy.
We're here to conduct a health and safety inspection of your ship.
We're here to establish a dialogue, Worf.
We're here to negotiate appropriate compensation, not to pander to emotions.
We're here to negotiate for our team.
We're here to respond when needed.
We're here!
We're here, Mister Worf.
We're here, there's no danger.
We're his family.
We're his friends.
We're holding a position at the Neutral Zone border proximate to Nelvana Three.
We're holding at the coordinates specified by Ensign DeSeve, sir.
We're holding him in custody.
We're holding position in the Argaya System.
We're holding the contents in stasis pending arrival of security.
We're hosting this year's palio.
We're in Engineering.
We're in a cave.
We're in a hurry.
We're in a passageway directly under the station, sir.
We're in a state of war, and your place is on the Bridge.
We're in a twenty degree turn around Titan.
We're in a very important conference right now.
We're in no danger until it drops below fifteen percent.
We're in orbit around Bynaus.
We're in orbit around Vandor now.
We're in orbit, Captain.
We're in orbit.
We're in position now, Captain.
We're in some kind of prison cell.
We're in stand by mode for docking latches.
We're in standard orbit, sir.
We're in the clear.
We're in the lab, sir.
We're in the transporter room.
We're increasing to warp two.
We're infected with something.
We're investigating the disappearance of a Vulcan ship.
We're investigating.
We're just about to bring the deflectors online.
We're just as powerless to prevent the inevitable.
We're just beginning to launch small missiles.
We're just considering options.
We're just excited to be here.
We're just finished.
We're just friends, Q, nothing more.
We're just here for some fun and a mud bath.
We're just keep getting deeper and deeper in, aren't we?
We're just not seeing it.
We're kind of busy here, Professor.
We're launching it now.
We're leaving orbit to rendezvous with Picard.
We're leaving.
We're light years away.
We're locked on to you.
We're looking at a cascade reactor failure on the Argus.
We're looking at a core breach!
We're looking at five hours minimum.
We're looking for DaiMon Solok.
We're looking for a friend of ours.
We're looking forward to it.
We're losing containment, Captain!
We're losing particle stream confinement.
We're losing the bubble!
We're losing the freighter.
We're lucky the hull is still in one piece.
We're lucky the rift took place as far away from the planet as it did.
We're lucky we didn't lose you.
We're making a close sensor pass on an unusual object, Geordi.
We're modifying class one probes so they become resonators.
We're moving into phase now.
We're moving to intercept at Wolf three five nine.
We're much alike.
We're near the heart of the Alliance.
We're nearing the coordinates you gave me, sir.
We're nearly merged now.
We're nearly there.
We're no better off than when we started.
We're not a supply vessel.
We're not able to disengage it.
We're not affiliated with the Ferengi Alliance.
We're not allowed to go there.
We're not alone, Mother.
We're not at all alike.
We're not certain.
We're not coming back.
We're not dealing with an individual mind.
We're not evacuating.
We're not fools.
We're not friends.
We're not getting along.
We're not getting any closer, Commander.
We're not giving him back.
We're not going after any more Cardassian ships.
We're not going anywhere now.
We're not going anywhere until we get to the truth You're a spy, aren't you?
We're not going to be able to determine anything from here.
We're not going to find anything this way.
We're not going to get anything out of these logs.
We're not going to get out of this by playing it safe.
We're not going to last much longer.
We're not going to make it, Captain.
We're not going to squeeze anything else out of these systems.
We're not going to stay on the Enterprise any more?
We're not going to wait around.
We're not here by accident.
We're not here for a memorial service.
We're not here to fight your wars for you.
We're not here to pressure you, Doctor.
We're not hunters, Doctor.
We're not just talking about a choice.
We're not moving.
We're not on a research mission.
We're not playing it your way any more, N'Vek.
We're not qualified to be your judges.
We're not staying?
We're not stopping.
We're not sure how stable the rift will be.
We're not sure yet.
We're not talking about a violin, Data.
We're not talking about cuttlefish, we're talking about people.
We're not that unalike, you and I.
We're not the same at all.
We're not the target.
We're not used to asking for anything from others.
We're not used to dealing with other worlds.
We're not willing to stay here a few generations.
We're now approaching the cloud, sir.
We're now at warp nine point three, sir, which takes us past the red line, sir.
We're now receiving a signal from the probe.
We're obviously very careful.
We're officers.
We're okay for now, but I wouldn't want to spend my vacation here.
We're okay, but those were pretty big, sir.
We're okay.
We're old friends.
We're on a reverse course.
We're on a secured channel, Karnas.
We're on a timetable here.
We're on auxiliary generators.
We're on deck seven, section four.
We're on deck ten.
We're on equal footing now.
We're on it, sir.
We're on it.
We're on our way to cargo bay five for confirmation.
We're on our way, Chief.
We're on our way, Lieutenant.
We're on the other side of the wormhole, aren't we ?
We're on the same side here.
We're on the surface.
We're one of the last ships left.
We're only going to get one shot at this.
We're only making educated guesses about their motivations, no more than that.
We're only three light years from Cardassian space.
We're out.
We're overdue.
We're performing field tests of our new tactical systems and weapon upgrades.
We're picked up life-signs, humanoid, very faint and fading.
We're picking up a ship ahead on long range sensors.
We're picking up a signal, coordinates two one one mark six one.
We're picking up echoes of the Enterprise reflecting off the wavefronts.
We're picking up feedback pulses along the particle beam.
We're planning our repair strategy.
We're predicting the atmospheric drag will bring it down on the next orbit.
We're prepared to escort you to Valo Three.
We're prepared to make our attempt.
We're prepared to take your entire group with us.
We're prepared to transfer.
We're preparing to beam them to the Enterprise.
We're preparing to take the Brittain in tow.
We're pretty busy down there, anyway, Captain Scott.
We're pretty happy with the maid we've got.
We're proud of you, Sam.
We're pulling back to a safe distance.
We're pulling the last teams off right now.
We're pushing away.
We're reading a disruption of the tachyon net in your area.
We're reading a subspace particle stream emanating from that junction.
We're reading an increase in seismic stress levels.
We're ready anytime.
We're ready for you to engage, Captain.
We're ready here when you are, Captain.
We're ready now, Captain.
We're ready to be just grandparents.
We're ready to beam out.
We're ready to beam over, sir.
We're ready to bring the new core online, Captain.
We're ready to commence transport.
We're ready to get underway, sir.
We're ready to get underway.
We're ready to go if you are.
We're ready to initiate shuttle pre-launch sequence.
We're ready to transport down to the surface.
We're ready when you are, Geordi.
We're ready, Lieutenant Worf.
We're ready, Mister O'Brien.
We're really leaving him?
We're recalibrating his language circuits, so he can't talk yet.
We're receiving a class eleven emergency signal from Starfleet Command.
We're receiving an emergency distress signal from the Solarion Four colony.
We're receiving audio only.
We're receiving no signal at all from them, sir.
We're receiving the probe's telemetry.
We're receiving you now.
We're rehearsing today at one thirty.
We're rendering assistance to some curious throwbacks.
We're reprogramming them now.
We're responding to your distress signal.
We're resuming our search.
We're returning him to Starfleet.
We're right behind you.
We're right here, Worf.
We're right next to it.
We're right with you, Patterson.
We're running a full analysis.
We're running a phase seven survey of the Dyson Sphere.
We're running out of options.
We're running out of time for Doctor Stubbs.
We're safe now.
We're safe.
We're scanning Sector twenty one five oh five now.
We're scattered throughout the galaxy.
We're separating from the distortion wave.
We're showing damage between decks.
We're simply riddled with regrets about our youth, now aren't we?
We're sitting on a bomb that could go off any second, or maybe never.
We're so close.
We're sorry, too.
We're sorry.
We're standing by, Commander.
We're standing by.
We're starting our descent.
We're starting to receive data from the scan.
We're starting to see some volcanic plumes, Captain.
We're still at the altered heading, Captain, holding at warp nine point three.
We're still behind schedule on decks seven and eight.
We're still being pulled.
We're still on the holodeck?
We're still receiving faint life signs, but the sensor readings are fluctuating.
We're still too far away.
We're still trying to determine what happened, sir.
We're still waiting on his decision.
We're still waiting, Captain.
We're stronger and smarter than humans.
We're stuck with each other.
We're studying Doctor Channing's theory on dilithium crystals.
We're supposed to be keeping an eye on you.
We're supposed to be warp field experts.
We're taking a beating.
We're taking it with us to Ten Forward.
We're taking the hostages out by force, if necessary.
We're taking very precise gravimetric readings.
We're taking you back to the Enterprise.
We're taking you to our crash site.
We're talking about Jean-Luc Picard.
We're talking about a threat to the entire future of the Federation.
We're talking about annihilating an entire race.
We're talking about human cells here, not isolinear circuits.
We're talking about locking a man up for being too smart.
We're talking about restoring the past.
We're talking, we're having an intimate conversation.
We're the brains, you're the brawn.
We're the closest.
We're the first Starfleet vessel to chart this unexplored region.
We're the first survey team to set foot on this planet.
We're the lynchpin to the operation.
We're the only mental health facility on Tilonus Four.
We're the people who saved you from Starfleet.
We're through.
We're to be presented with evidence today.
We're to be prisoners?
We're to break formation and take cover in the Nebula as soon as they appear.
We're to rendezvous with a shuttlecraft carrying Wesley Crusher.
We're to take on medical supplies for the Alpha Leonis system.
We're too close.
We're too late.
We're totally ship-shape.
We're transporting endangered animals from Corvan Two.
We're trapped up here.
We're trapped.
We're treating your injuries.
We're trying low gamma bursts.
We're trying to find out what happened.
We're trying to learn more about you.
We're trying to make her as comfortable as we can.
We're trying to make you listen.
We're trying to micro-vaporise the metal in order to get a clear DNA sample.
We're under attack.
We're very proud of the wisdom of our ancestors.
We're very strong-minded.
We're waiting, Mister Tarses.
We're wasting our time.
We're wasting time even talking about this.
We're wasting time.
We're willing to learn.
We're willing to listen.
We're within range, Captain.
We're working very hard, Captain.
We're your colleagues.
We're your friends.
We're, er, um, married?
We've a long voyage ahead of us.
We've a standard three shift rotation.
We've accessed the range of encoding scheme alternates.
We've agreed to have some brandy together.
We've all been here before.
We've all been shocked by recent events.
We've all been through a lot.
We've all encountered a quantum anomaly.
We've all heard about you, and I felt certain things.
We've almost reached the nacelle tube.
We've already checked those possibilities.
We've already contacted the Klingon High Council.
We've already tested the interface at about seventy percent tolerance.
We've already tried.
We've also discovered a human among your crew.
We've also got some volcanic activity.
We've also located the remains of a human.
We've also picked up ionisation disturbances.
We've always been honest with each other, until now.
We've arranged a demonstration to illustrate.
We've arranged for a shuttle to take you to Starbase twenty three.
We've arranged for quarters on the ship, if you'd like to stay.
We've arranged your usual accommodation, sir.
We've arrived at Ramatis Three.
We've arrived at Starbase three twenty eight on schedule.
We've arrived at the designated coordinates, Captain.
We've arrived at the shuttle departure coordinates.
We've arrived safely, Number One, but so far we've been ignored.
We've became very good friends.
We've been able to restore power to the shields.
We've been able to stabilise his condition.
We've been able to treat everyone.
We've been assigned to our units, like families.
We've been busy mapping the sector.
We've been designing new weapons but they're all still on the drawing board.
We've been expecting you.
We've been exposed.
We've been given only two weeks to complete the exploration.
We've been going over it inch by inch ever since.
We've been going over the schematics for the hospital.
We've been having a few tremors over the past couple of months.
We've been having some problems.
We've been intercepted by the Klingon vessel Bortas.
We've been kidnapped, locked in a room.
We've been looking for it.
We've been monitoring the energy field that surrounds the shuttle.
We've been monitoring your progress toward warp-drive capability.
We've been monitoring your ship's communications.
We've been moving slowly, cautiously, for many months now.
We've been observing the planet very carefully for three hours.
We've been on the wrong track all along.
We've been ordered to learn all we can about them.
We've been projecting twenty four.
We've been scanning Ferengi transmissions, trying to find the Krayton.
We've been seeing the number three all over the ship.
We've been sweeping the area constantly, Commander.
We've been thinking in three dimensions.
We've been through this more than once.
We've been told only that our presence is imperative.
We've been trying for years.
We've been trying to analyse its mechanical properties.
We've been trying to wake you up for the last five minutes.
We've been trying, sir.
We've been using devices like this on Tyrus Seven for years.
We've been waiting.
We've been without his guidance for many weeks.
We've been working from your drawings, Ambassador.
We've both had relationships with other people.
We've both made choices.
We've brought the Sovereign of Acamar.
We've brought the visitors!
We've brought the visitors.
We've brought you small tokens of welcome.
We've channelled all communications through the subspace relays in the armbands.
We've charted the alien probe's radiation trail for over one light year.
We've come so far, and paid such a terrible price, I must try.
We've come to trade our cloth.
We've come to you first because you're a leader in the scientific community.
We've come with some important information.
We've completed a full subspace scan of the ship and surrounding space.
We've completed our analysis of the bomb debris, Commander.
We've confined the system corruption.
We've contacted the Trill.
We've contacted the nearest Starbase for a search vessel.
We've covered the entire upper subspace energy band.
We've decided not to harm her.
We've detected no unusual readings or anomalies.
We've disabled the system temporarily.
We've discussed a variety of surgical procedures.
We've discussed that.
We've done all that we can do.
We've done all we can to help.
We've done all we can.
We've done enough damage.
We've done everything but threaten them.
We've done everything by the book and a little extra.
We've done this a hundred times, and we're ready when you are.
We've downloaded the Lantree's log, sir.
We've eliminated hunger, want, the need for possessions.
We've encountered a minor mystery, one that has been solved to my satisfaction.
We've encountered some difficulty.
We've entered the anomaly.
We've entered the first system.
We've entered the structure.
We've entered what appears to be the Borg nursery.
We've er, we've known him for years.
We've eradicated the infection.
We've established a synchronous orbit over the drilling site.
We've established the presence of what appears to be an alien entity on board.
We've established visual contact with the warship Q'Maire.
We've even crawled in the life support ductwork.
We've found it!
We've found it.
We've found something else.
We've found something interesting.
We've found the wreckage of a small craft.
We've gone to Curtis Creek lots of times.
We've got a bigger problem than that.
We've got a lot to talk about.
We've got a pretty good reading of the tachyon pulse they sent.
We've got a problem, sir.
We've got a radiation leak on decks ten through twelve.
We've got a sudden build up of gases here, especially methane.
We've got about eight minutes before this thing drains our shields.
We've got an hour left.
We've got everything under control here.
We've got fifty eight minutes before we have to power down and disengage.
We've got him, Captain.
We've got incorporation, Doctor.
We've got it.
We've got less than a minute to beam out of here.
We've got limited power and your isolation fields consume a lot of energy.
We've got long trip.
We've got nothing to lock on to, sir.
We've got one casualty and Commander Riker has been taken captive.
We've got ourselves a puzzle, Number One.
We've got power fluctuations.
We've got some new temperatures coming in.
We've got some tough times ahead but we've always come through for each other.
We've got some, Captain.
We've got something interesting to show you.
We've got the scout ship, Captain.
We've got to break orbit now.
We've got to build some new memories.
We've got to cool it off.
We've got to coordinate our efforts here first.
We've got to do it now.
We've got to do something now, before they go into warp.
We've got to eject the engine core!
We've got to figure out how we've handled this before.
We've got to find a way to track him.
We've got to find her, if she's still alive.
We've got to find him.
We've got to find some way to stop this system.
We've got to get Franklin out of there.
We've got to get even.
We've got to get everybody out of here immediately.
We've got to get out of here while we still can.
We've got to get out of here, Captain.
We've got to get that thing out of her now.
We've got to get this door open.
We've got to get to the Enterprise and warn them.
We've got to get to the water.
We've got to go!
We've got to go.
We've got to help them.
We've got to hold out as long as we can.
We've got to increase the pulse frequency.
We've got to keep going for the mountains.
We've got to let them know that we can adapt too, Mister Worf.
We've got to narrow that down.
We've got to put a stop to them before the entire Demilitarised Zone ignites.
We've got to regain control of our ship.
We've got to seal it off.
We've got to solve it.
We've got to talk about this.
We've gotten word from the monitoring stations.
We've had a good beginning, Lutan.
We've had a great deal of experience dealing with the Prytt.
We've had some interesting results.
We've had storms like this before.
We've had this discussion before and I know I've given you this examination.
We've heard a different version of life on Turkana Four.
We've heard from all decks.
We've heard that we may find it rather interesting.
We've heard the stories all our lives.
We've identified him as Andrus Hagan, from Betazed, scientific advisor.
We've identified them as Krieger waves.
We've improved our distillation process over the years.
We've input all the data you collected on the surface.
We've installed multiphase buffers on all the sensor modules, Captain.
We've invited Anya to take a tour of the ship.
We've just begun treatment.
We've just completed a remote power feed to the life support systems.
We've just completed the transfer.
We've just declared a medical emergency here.
We've just got to tie in Geordi's atmospheric sensors.
We've just heard a disturbing rumour.
We've just received an urgent message from Lursa and B'Etor.
We've just received the Yridian's flight plan from Deep Space Nine.
We've just received the signal to begin the diamond slot formation.
We've just started it up, Captain.
We've known each other a long time.
We've known each other too long.
We've known one another for years.
We've known they were coming for over a year.
We've learned to be cautious with strangers.
We've learned, Administrator, that hope is a powerful weapon against anything.
We've located the survivors from the Denver.
We've located three underground pockets of carbon dioxide, here, here and here.
We've locked onto something with markings on it.
We've locked onto the coordinates of the plasma streamer.
We've lost Zorn.
We've lost an engine.
We've lost attitude control and most systems are offline.
We've lost contact with our people.
We've lost contact with our ship.
We've lost contact, sir.
We've lost him, sir.
We've lost him.
We've lost internal confinement.
We've lost main power.
We've lost main propulsion and weapons systems in the process.
We've lost most of our impulse power.
We've lost one module.
We've lost our link, Captain.
We've lost our thrusters.
We've lost primary helm control on the Bridge.
We've lost primary navigation.
We've lost them, sir.
We've lost them.
We've lost visual.
We've lost warp drive.
We've lost warp engines.
We've made arrangements for quarters on the planet.
We've made some pretty incredible advances these last eighty years.
We've matched warp velocity for transport, Commander.
We've met a few times.
We've met before and you never even mentioned any of this.
We've modified a sensor relay emitter to transmit a subspace beacon.
We've monitored a subspace message that might interest you.
We've moved into a polar orbit and I'm locked out.
We've neutralised it.
We've never been there.
We've never encountered a natural force that powerful.
We've never even seen anything like this.
We've never had any problems with it.
We've never needed a crew before.
We've never seen a Sheliak.
We've never seen a terraforming station, and we appreciate the opportunity.
We've no fear of what the true facts about us will reveal.
We've no idea who is on that vessel.
We've nothing like it on record, at least not till now.
We've noticed you're intrigued with her having security responsibilities.
We've obviously brought a very dangerous life form aboard this ship.
We've only charted nineteen percent of our galaxy.
We've only got forty one seconds.
We've only managed to capture a handful of them.
We've passed your little test.
We've picked up a vessel on the long range scanners, headed this way.
We've planned it.
We've prepared a special meal in your honour.
We've proven that.
We've re-established our course.
We've reached the core, Captain.
We've reached the designated coordinates, Captain.
We've reached the designated coordinates, but the M-class planet, it's gone.
We've reached the end of our journey.
We've reached the outer regions of the Beta Stromgren system.
We've received a distress call from the Ohniaka Three Outpost.
We've received a distress call.
We've received new directives from the Federation Council on this matter.
We've received word from Ambassador Mauric.
We've received word from the Seronian and the Rekag delegates.
We've reduced the growth rate even further, but not enough.
We've regained ship's communication, sir.
We've removed some kind of parasite from your thymus.
We've restored minimal shields and the forward phaser banks.
We've run into similar problems before.
We've run the mass spectrometer on all particulates.
We've scheduled an away team for dawn.
We've seen enough.
We've seen how he handles his ship.
We've seen it in what they can do.
We've seen nothing.
We've seen this before.
We've seen what those tunnels look like.
We've served together for six years.
We've stabilised life support.
We've stabilised your vital signs.
We've studied this in some depth now, sir.
We've successfully repaired the stricken liner, Constantinople.
We've taken several of these off dead terrorists.
We've talked it over, Captain, and the ceremony will be tomorrow if you agree.
We've tied into your computers, if you'd like to access the files.
We've told you time and time again, we don't know why we were spared.
We've traced the problem to the power transfer beam.
We've tried EM radiation, subspace fields, thermal protons, nothing's worked.
We've tried to leave everything as we found it.
We've trying to scan it, but it's we're running into lot of interference.
We've waited a long time to meet you.
We've waited long enough.
We, we care about you.
Weak and helpless.
Weak signal.
Weapon systems are not active.
Weapon systems control has been lost.
Weapons and shields normal.
Weapons control, sensor arrays.
Weapons deactivation programme is in place.
Weapons locked.
Weapons now ready, sir.
Weapons on the warbird are fully powered, sir.
Weapons report!
Weapons report, Lieutenant.
Weapons systems?
Weapons, propulsion and shields are the priorities.
Weapons, sir?
Weapons.
Weather permitting, of course.
Wedding gown?
Wedding?
Weeks.
Weigh it against the prospect of war.
Welcome aboard the Enterprise, Ambassador Sarek.
Welcome aboard the Enterprise, Ambassador.
Welcome aboard the Enterprise, Captain Scott.
Welcome aboard the Enterprise, Commander.
Welcome aboard, Captain Okona.
Welcome aboard, Captain.
Welcome aboard, Counsellor.
Welcome aboard, Gowron.
Welcome aboard, Greg.
Welcome aboard, Mister Kosinski.
Welcome aboard, Number One.
Welcome back, Data.
Welcome back, Deanna.
Welcome back, Doctor.
Welcome back, Geordi.
Welcome back, Mister Data.
Welcome back, Number One.
Welcome back, Wes.
Welcome back, Wesley.
Welcome home, Captain Picard.
Welcome home, Captain.
Welcome home, Jean-Luc.
Welcome home, Mister Data.
Welcome home, Mister Worf.
Welcome home, Worf.
Welcome on board the Enterprise.
Welcome to Aldea.
Welcome to Galorndon Core, where no good deed goes unpunished.
Welcome to Minos, the arsenal of freedom.
Welcome to Ramatis.
Welcome to Romulus, Captain Picard.
Welcome to Velara Three.
Welcome to my Centreplace, Captain Picard.
Welcome to our table.
Welcome to our world, Captain.
Welcome to the Bridge, Mister La Forge.
Welcome to the Bridge.
Welcome to the Enterprise, Commander Riker.
Welcome to the Enterprise, Doctor Russell.
Welcome to the Enterprise, Doctor.
Welcome to the Enterprise, Ishara.
Welcome to the Enterprise, Miss Rogers.
Welcome to the afterlife, Jean-Luc.
Welcome to the human race.
Welcome you in peace to the Enterprise, DaiMon Bok.
Welcome, Etana.
Welcome, Mister La Forge.
Welcome, Picard, to shuttlecraft six.
Welcome, Worf, son of Mogh.
Welcome, gentlemen.
Welcome, my dear Holmes.
Well I agree you're entitled to representation but not on the ruling council.
Well I can run a diagnostic of the biofilter system and your tricorder.
Well I don't believe it!
Well I don't care about that.
Well I don't care whether you believe that or not.
Well I guess that would do it.
Well I guess you know me pretty well.
Well I know how to get them back online.
Well I suggest we beam them both back onto the ship.
Well I was wrong.
Well I'll just have to make sure my calculations are accurate, Lieutenant.
Well I'll see if I can arrange one for you.
Well I'm not so sure that's a good idea.
Well I'm really very sorry you didn't enjoy your time at the Academy, Ensign.
Well I'm sure we're just as strange to them.
Well Mister Potts, why don't we start at the beginning?
Well apparently Commander Riker didn't think so.
Well at least I don't have to find my women on the holodeck!
Well at least I've trained myself not to say it anymore.
Well at least let me go back down there just to be sure.
Well at least you seem to be understanding a little more.
Well beam some of those ghosts back.
Well don't just stand there, say something.
Well don't you care what's happened to her?
Well done, Data.
Well done, Doctor.
Well done, Ensign.
Well done, Mister Crusher.
Well done, Mister Worf.
Well done, Taitt.
Well done, everyone .
Well done, my dear.
Well done, sir.
Well good luck, Mister.
Well he did, and they were frozen.
Well he had some things to discuss with me.
Well he wasn't the only one.
Well hello, Enterprise.
Well here's the perfect opportunity to show you what I had in mind.
Well how do I know what to study if you won't tell me what I did wrong?
Well if Gowron won't talk to me, get someone who will.
Well if you'll stop interrupting me.
Well if you've come that far, can't you take it one more step?
Well in that case, I shall have to have them build one.
Well in this case, Captain, I disagree, one hundred percent.
Well it doesn't matter.
Well it had to be someone who was at least partially telepathic.
Well it looks like we're going to be on Caldos for a few days more.
Well it wouldn't be much of a bluff if you knew, would it?
Well let me put it another way.
Well look here.
Well maybe once, when you weren't looking.
Well maybe you should approach this from a more human standpoint.
Well maybe you should have thought about that sooner.
Well next time don't bother.
Well now that you're here, you can help me carry those tools.
Well now you have it.
Well now, tell me.
Well of course you are.
Well of course, Lieutenant.
Well of course.
Well our Commander Data's no slouch.
Well played, Captain well played.
Well played, Counsellor.
Well said, Mister Redblock.
Well said, brother.
Well she was Hahliian.
Well she wasn't actually there.
Well she'd better, because I'm all she's got.
Well spoken.
Well take all the time you need.
Well technically, yes.
Well that eliminates the possibility of fate.
Well that is your protected right.
Well that makes me feel much better.
Well that's a conversation stopper if I ever heard one.
Well that's brilliant.
Well that's fine, but where's Commander Riker?
Well that's interesting.
Well the cadets today are just as proud of the Nova Squadron.
Well the next thing to it.
Well then I guess that when I'll have to depend on my friends to help me out.
Well then I'm sure you wouldn't mind showing me your tickets?
Well then you must know me inside and out.
Well then you should have no trouble with that part.
Well then you wouldn't mind shaving it off.
Well then, I've saved you the bother.
Well then, best of luck with your repairs.
Well then, can I make a suggestion?
Well then, if I may be so bold, sir, you're in for a treat.
Well then, just listen.
Well then, let's move on to the environmental gains on Ventax Two.
Well then, maybe I should slow down.
Well then, take me to the main Bridge.
Well then, use mine.
Well then, we'll just have to work something out.
Well then.
Well there ought to be.
Well there should be no problem about our entering orbit.
Well there's something wrong with the rest of you.
Well they've all lived here in the village for many years.
Well think no further, dear heart.
Well this one took everything we had.
Well this time I'm not your enemy.
Well we're already behind schedule.
Well we're sitting here now.
Well what do you expect of us?
Well what do you think?
Well why didn't you just say so?
Well why don't we just go outside and talk about it?
Well why don't you turn it off?
Well why the hell not?
Well within the norm for this type of phenomena.
Well yes, this could seem like magic to you.
Well yes.
Well you may have to stall them.
Well you'll have plenty of time to come up with something.
Well you're going to have to tell me again.
Well you've got the wrong Ferengi.
Well, Admiral, quite a little surprise you've pulled on us.
Well, Amanda, how are you feeling about all this now?
Well, Beverly and I have been getting unusual reports.
Well, Captain Scott.
Well, Captain you've had your chance.
Well, Captain, I want to thank you for this opportunity.
Well, Captain, thank you again for the replicator.
Well, Captain, we're at the border of the Neutral Zone.
Well, Captain, what is this urgent matter we need to discuss?
Well, Commander, best I see your Captain straight away.
Well, Commander?
Well, Data, I must say, this is a fine place you have here.
Well, Data, as you can see, we're back where it all started.
Well, Data, would you be all right?
Well, Data, you're asking probably the most difficult of all questions.
Well, Doctor, you're charging unknown seas.
Well, Doctor.
Well, Holmes, what do you say, man?
Well, I already like his choice in wives.
Well, I am Arctus Baran and I don't have a number.
Well, I am sure!
Well, I am trying to get things off on a better note this time.
Well, I appreciate the compliment, but I don't think that's very likely.
Well, I ate enough for twelve people.
Well, I believe you said I'll be working in medlab four?
Well, I can ask.
Well, I can see where being a starship Captain has its rewards.
Well, I can't make any promises.
Well, I can't think of a better location.
Well, I can't waive them again.
Well, I certainly wouldn't wish to throw off your entire balance.
Well, I consider this time well spent.
Well, I could talk to Noor.
Well, I could use a pair of strong arms in the engine room.
Well, I could've brought my zoo.
Well, I decided I had prejudged him unfairly.
Well, I did do a church play when I was a lass.
Well, I did hear a rumour, actually.
Well, I did take second place in a chess tournament.
Well, I did what any good helmsman would have done.
Well, I didn't want to risk a misunderstanding.
Well, I don't know, really.
Well, I don't see any other choice.
Well, I don't think I need to hear any more.
Well, I don't.
Well, I felt that you would be needed here.
Well, I gained an advantage by using it with you.
Well, I got to say, it's kind of sexy.
Well, I guess I should be going back to the house.
Well, I guess I want Master Barclay.
Well, I guess I'll have to back out of Beverly's play after all.
Well, I guess I'll just have to hunt for them.
Well, I guess I'm just glad that I got the opportunity to get to know you.
Well, I guess it's Coffee and croissants for both of us from now on.
Well, I guess the only risk is in falling even further behind.
Well, I guess this is it, huh?
Well, I had a choice.
Well, I had a great time.
Well, I have a little work to finish up, then I'm going to my cabin.
Well, I have his address.
Well, I have nothing to hide, of course.
Well, I have to finish this experiment first.
Well, I have to get this day started.
Well, I have to go.
Well, I hope I've been entertaining you.
Well, I hope his new assignment is not too dangerous.
Well, I hope they can find us, because there's no way we'll find them.
Well, I hope this made some sense to you.
Well, I hope you're here to see it next time we try, Mister La Forge.
Well, I hope you're right.
Well, I hope you've learned a little wisdom along the way.
Well, I just can't seem to get any sleep.
Well, I just feel more more comfortable playing somebody else.
Well, I just saw my parents.
Well, I just see a different big picture, Admiral.
Well, I just serve him warm milk and let him be.
Well, I knew then that I wanted him with me on my next command.
Well, I know little of Gowron.
Well, I know this is all pretty dry stuff.
Well, I know this much.
Well, I know.
Well, I look forward to it.
Well, I mean, I've studied her schematics for years.
Well, I mean, it shouldn't do that.
Well, I mean, of course, it shouldn't do that.
Well, I missed you, too.
Well, I most certainly do.
Well, I must say I disagree, sir.
Well, I need some moral context to justify that action, and I don't have it.
Well, I never got it.
Well, I often hoped you might become a scientist.
Well, I refuse to be bound by an abstraction.
Well, I refuse to help.
Well, I say no.
Well, I see two choices.
Well, I sort of like it.
Well, I still have mine.
Well, I suppose I'll see you then, then.
Well, I suppose a few moments longer.
Well, I suppose eventually we all have to live up to our obligations.
Well, I suppose it's more interesting than throwing a tea dance.
Well, I suppose that is the end of Q.
Well, I think I'll be leaving.
Well, I think I'll call it a day.
Well, I think I'm just doing what any good department head would do.
Well, I think it's some kind of experiment.
Well, I think she needs supervision.
Well, I think that I should finish it the way Doctor Crusher showed me.
Well, I think they'll make a fine addition to the Federation, Number One.
Well, I think this charade has gone far enough.
Well, I think we can make an exception in this case.
Well, I think we'd better let you settle in.
Well, I think whatever makes you laugh is funny.
Well, I trust you will be comfortable here.
Well, I want you to put a stitch in time and, er, save much more than nine.
Well, I was a young Starfleet officer, not many years older than you are now.
Well, I was just trying to get in the mood.
Well, I was just.
Well, I was never actually a member of the crew.
Well, I wasn't thinking of spirits, Milady, but I have some nice fresh leeches.
Well, I wasn't, so maybe you should just beam me back where I was?
Well, I will not tolerate it!
Well, I would probably want to heal people.
Well, I'd be honoured.
Well, I'd better get back to it.
Well, I'd better get to Engineering.
Well, I'd better let you finish up so you can get off the ship.
Well, I'd hoped to meet your new friend, Ronin.
Well, I'd inform you, sir, of course.
Well, I'd love to see more, but it's nearly time for me to go.
Well, I'd say this is cause for celebration.
Well, I'd say your patient's recovery is going well.
Well, I'll be glad to pass along your idea.
Well, I'll just let you young people chat.
Well, I'll keep that in mind next lesson.
Well, I'll say this about your Enterprise.
Well, I'll say this for him.
Well, I'll say this for it.
Well, I'll see you around.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
Well, I'll think about it and let you know.
Well, I'll try.
Well, I'm a little confused.
Well, I'm a practicing psychologist.
Well, I'm afraid that I do not understand this potential.
Well, I'm afraid that Worf feels that we do not understand him.
Well, I'm familiar with the practice of the feast before the transfer.
Well, I'm flattered, but.
Well, I'm glad I insisted.
Well, I'm glad.
Well, I'm greatly impressed with everything I've seen so far, Prime Minister.
Well, I'm headed for Engineering to run those tests on the nacelles.
Well, I'm here.
Well, I'm hungry too.
Well, I'm not calling anybody yet.
Well, I'm not complaining or anything.
Well, I'm not going to make it that easy for you.
Well, I'm not in Engineering, sir.
Well, I'm not satisfied.
Well, I'm not so impressed with this future.
Well, I'm not sure about that.
Well, I'm not sure that I would either, Worf, since this isn't a Klingon ship.
Well, I'm not sure that that is going to be enough.
Well, I'm sorry!
Well, I'm sorry, Mister Worf.
Well, I'm sure not.
Well, I'm sure you'll see there's nothing here to appeal to a young person.
Well, I'm sure your brother didn't intend for it too get out this of hand.
Well, I'm surprised he never mentioned you.
Well, I'm the designated host.
Well, I've already dined.
Well, I've already warned the Mayor not to make any plans without talking to us.
Well, I've always wanted to see you as a brunette.
Well, I've been getting to know him.
Well, I've broken down the task and picked the best people in those disciplines.
Well, I've done everything that Geordi said.
Well, I've got a real humdinger for you.
Well, I've had a few years to look it up.
Well, I've just never seen you like this before.
Well, I've learned to live with it.
Well, I've only got two pair, but I've got to see your hole card.
Well, I've read about you many times.
Well, I, er, what's our ETA?
Well, I, er.
Well, It's time to move on.
Well, Jono what do you think of these humans?
Well, Jono, you seem to have escaped radiation damage.
Well, Kamin, I'm open to all the people of this town.
Well, Lal, I've been looking forward to meeting you.
Well, Little One, the Captain is every bit as charming as your father was.
Well, Lutan, what do you want?
Well, Maques, what do you think of the Enterprise?
Well, Marissa, I'm going to need a first officer to help me.
Well, Mister Barclay helped a little.
Well, Mister Data, let's see what sense we can make of this.
Well, Mister Data, what is your analysis so far?
Well, Mister Homn and I could go back home if you two would like to be alone.
Well, Mister La Forge, it would seem that time is something we have plenty of.
Well, Mister Tholl, all I know is that I've been brought here against my will.
Well, Nagilum, I hope you got what you needed.
Well, Napeans are partially empathic.
Well, New Vertiform City, of course.
Well, Number One, I can see why you want to keep the away missions to yourself.
Well, Number One, let's go and welcome the Admiral aboard.
Well, Number One?
Well, Okona is an interesting man, certainly.
Well, Picard?
Well, Robert and I are delighted that you've come to stay with us.
Well, Robert and I, we.
Well, Sandra, do you think you could give me some room?
Well, Starfleet keeps me very busy.
Well, Suz, what do you think?
Well, Vulcans have the same basic emotions we do.
Well, Wes, these traker readings are really faint.
Well, Worf, you've had quite an effect on the young people.
Well, a Starfleet research team would be a prime target.
Well, a great deal actually.
Well, a little, sir.
Well, a loss can be disheartening.
Well, a plasma shock would definitely overload his neural net.
Well, acting ensigns have names, don't they?
Well, actually, in my hallucination, you were killed.
Well, after all, it was a very tense situation.
Well, all right.
Well, all the better.
Well, all your tests indicate the same results.
Well, almost everybody.
Well, almost nothing in my position of ship's Captain.
Well, almost nowhere.
Well, any woman who can beat a Ferengi at his own game bears watching.
Well, are you going to kiss her goodbye?
Well, aren't we the persistent one.
Well, as long as he's here.
Well, as you said, I'm nothing if not imaginative.
Well, assuming that you were not my prisoner, what would you do now?
Well, at least in that she was being honest.
Well, at least now we have something to go on.
Well, at least that's something.
Well, at least the waiting's over.
Well, at least this means we won't starve to death.
Well, at least to me.
Well, at least you got rid of the damn pipe.
Well, at times he aided the professor in his explorations.
Well, based on this, I'd say you've got seventy, maybe eighty years.
Well, because they get preoccupied by other things.
Well, bon voyage, Mister Scott.
Well, call it an extended loan.
Well, can't the bio-filter screen them out?
Well, cancelling a date like that, the way he's been so distant lately.
Well, carry on.
Well, check again.
Well, conformity is not my style.
Well, curiosity is why all of us are out here, isn't it?
Well, do you at least have a copy of The Wall Street Journal?
Well, do you think I would go from a Starfleet Admiral to anything else?
Well, do you understand how this happened to you?
Well, do your best.
Well, don't count on leaving through there.
Well, don't plant 'em too deep.
Well, don't you worry.
Well, either we're going to have to move or that fragment is.
Well, er, your performance records have always been good.
Well, eventually, yeah.
Well, everybody goes through these occasional bouts of insomnia.
Well, everybody's from somewhere.
Well, everything checks out so far.
Well, except for your friend Data.
Well, far enough along for me to enjoy it, Little One.
Well, for one thing, it's easier.
Well, from what I've seen of our guests, there's not much to redeem them.
Well, get him in here.
Well, get them up here.
Well, getting rid of them isn't going to be so easy.
Well, good for the bloody ship.
Well, good.
Well, half hour, then.
Well, hardly possible, Number One.
Well, having to get to know someone, just once, has its appeal.
Well, he did make a pass at me last night.
Well, he does possess the speed and the strength.
Well, he must have been in a lot of pain to do what he did.
Well, he will be soon.
Well, he wouldn't have earned great profits from his dealings with Starfleet.
Well, he's becoming a very fine officer.
Well, he's imaginative.
Well, he's in our highest security detention area.
Well, hello.
Well, here it is.
Well, here's a chance to change some of them.
Well, here's hoping you beat the odds.
Well, here's my offer.
Well, here's to the class of 'twenty seven.
Well, how about giving us a look at the new engine core.
Well, how can I know what's going on?
Well, how did you end up on Camor?
Well, how do you feel about them?
Well, how ghastly for you.
Well, how long has it been?
Well, how nice.
Well, how, er how do I address him?
Well, how, in a noisy room, can you select one specific voice or sound?
Well, hydroponics turned out to be so dull.
Well, if I didn't know better, I'd say he was showing signs of insecurity.
Well, if I didn't see it with my own eyes, I wouldn't believe it.
Well, if I do, sir, it will not stop me from carrying out my duty.
Well, if at any point you want to talk more.
Well, if he were living now he would have said galaxy.
Well, if he's seeing someone else he should tell Alyssa.
Well, if it isn't Number Two.
Well, if it puts your mind at ease, you've saved humanity once again.
Well, if not easier, at least possible, for now they are motivated.
Well, if she was married to me, she had to be patient.
Well, if that's the systems review, I don't see any problem.
Well, if that's true, I learned it from you, sir.
Well, if there's anything I'm used to, it's scepticism.
Well, if they're the right seven seconds, it'll be enough.
Well, if we do not leave in time, so be it.
Well, if we'd not been so near to a medical facility, I would surely have died.
Well, if we're going to the Devron system, we're going to need a ship.
Well, if you are upset, why are you moping around here?
Well, if you ask me, these human emotions are not what they're cracked up to be.
Well, if you wish, Commander.
Well, if you'll excuse me, I have the Bridge this watch.
Well, if you'll excuse me.
Well, if you're still confused tomorrow, you know where my office is.
Well, if you're young and lucky, it'll be someone you like a lot, yes.
Well, in a way, I suppose it's good that you're early.
Well, in all your travels, have you heard anything from the other colony?
Well, in most Betazoids our telepathic gifts develop at adolescence.
Well, in one hour we shall know why.
Well, in this case it doesn't matter.
Well, it certainly hasn't been abandoned.
Well, it certainly was different.
Well, it could be nothing more than the result of a sleepless night.
Well, it didn't stop me from going there.
Well, it didn't.
Well, it does contain quantities of nucleic acids.
Well, it doesn't matter.
Well, it happens.
Well, it has to do with, er, it's nothing you need to worry about, Countess.
Well, it is now.
Well, it is your ship.
Well, it isn't very important to me.
Well, it l	ooks like about four years.
Well, it looks like we got someone's attention.
Well, it looks like you tucked when you should have flattened out.
Well, it looks like you'll have time to recuperate.
Well, it made an impact alright.
Well, it might have been a hospital.
Well, it pierced my heart, of course.
Well, it seems as if we're stuck with each other.
Well, it seems that Kalita has decided you're not a Federation spy after all.
Well, it seems to be a point of contention between them.
Well, it should be a very enjoyable visit, then.
Well, it was a long shot to begin with.
Well, it was all in the legs, all that running I did.
Well, it was easier to have something to call him.
Well, it was just.
Well, it was little better at the physiognomy workshop.
Well, it was nice while it lasted.
Well, it was quite a chase, wasn't it, my friends?
Well, it was strong, whatever it was.
Well, it was very well constructed, a virtual tribute to form.
Well, it wasn't exactly a secret.
Well, it wasn't the commander's phaser.
Well, it will have to be.
Well, it will when I tell you.
Well, it won't be easy, but I'll manage.
Well, it won't do to be sloppy.
Well, it won't take them long to realise that Rahm Izad is the wrong planet.
Well, it worked.
Well, it's a very special day.
Well, it's all true.
Well, it's been some time since I had the conn.
Well, it's certainly not my idea.
Well, it's cold in here.
Well, it's easy.
Well, it's far more likely that I am a weather balloon than an alien.
Well, it's free.
Well, it's getting out of control.
Well, it's half there.
Well, it's just the way I am.
Well, it's just you're not what I expected.
Well, it's nice to be together again.
Well, it's nice to see you two are finally getting along.
Well, it's not hard to guess.
Well, it's not that.
Well, it's of no material I recognise, sir, or have even heard of.
Well, it's perfectly normal, Data.
Well, it's pretty simple.
Well, it's strange to need armed guards in a delivery room.
Well, it's true, I have been preoccupied.
Well, it's true.
Well, it's unusual to fly on sensors alone in this type of manoeuvre.
Well, it's your decision, Chancellor.
Well, it's, how can I put it?
Well, its energy levels are dropping rapidly.
Well, just don't try it on the Captain.
Well, just look around the room.
Well, just think of what it'll be like.
Well, keep at it.
Well, keep it up.
Well, keep that option ready.
Well, keep with it, Doctor.
Well, last week a Ferengi transport came through carrying biomimetic gels.
Well, leaving that aside for the moment, I mean, what would have happened to me?
Well, let me see.
Well, let's find out.
Well, let's get to it, shall we?
Well, let's go for our walk, shall we?
Well, let's hope that you're mistaken, Ensign.
Well, let's hope they're in a mood to talk.
Well, let's move on to another survey region.
Well, let's not give your nemesis any more information than we have to.
Well, let's say you're right and this is a real emotion.
Well, let's see if you've learned anything.
Well, let's see now.
Well, let's see what our computer has to say.
Well, let's see.
Well, like you said, our choices are very limited.
Well, look who's back.
Well, looks like Sheriff Worf's here to arrest me.
Well, make it so, Number One.
Well, maybe Data could explain better, sir.
Well, maybe I am a little bit more confident than I used to be.
Well, maybe I should look at the heating element.
Well, maybe at first, a little.
Well, maybe he finally realised he made a mistake.
Well, maybe he's just tired of hearing you complain.
Well, maybe it's not.
Well, maybe it's worth giving up cigars for after all.
Well, maybe necessity really is the mother of invention.
Well, maybe next time you come back this way, you can look me up.
Well, maybe not everyone understands.
Well, maybe not give it.
Well, maybe not.
Well, maybe now would be a good time to start.
Well, maybe there's something we can do to help.
Well, maybe we could collaborate.
Well, maybe you can change all that.
Well, maybe you had a dream or a hallucination.
Well, maybe you just haven't met the right people.
Well, maybe, but I ruined the coda.
Well, most grown-ups have a hard time with things they can't see.
Well, must run.
Well, my arguments don't seem to have any affect on him.
Well, my friend, I know what you want.
Well, my friend, an era of conflict and bloodshed appears to be over.
Well, my point was just.
Well, neither, actually.
Well, no matter.
Well, no radiation so far.
Well, no, not exactly from another time.
Well, not a matter of great moment, just a knot I had to untie.
Well, not as clever as you thought.
Well, not by name, but the Federation.
Well, not every one.
Well, not that deep.
Well, not that simple.
Well, not too bad, all things considered.
Well, now that the ranks are dropped, Captain, I don't like you, either.
Well, now that we're under way, I can tell you about our mission.
Well, now that we've established our mutual good will, what's on your mind?
Well, now that you're here, what do you want?
Well, now that you've come to your senses, let's go.
Well, now that's settled, the Ambassador is waiting.
Well, now you can see me for real.
Well, now you do.
Well, now you know.
Well, now you're here.
Well, now, that matters.
Well, now, this is rather unusual for you to be curious about an away mission.
Well, obviously you were a great advisor.
Well, of course I do, human.
Well, of course he's unreasonable.
Well, of course.
Well, ordinarily he wouldn't, but of course I was his Arbiter of Succession.
Well, our bioscans check out.
Well, our help is all they're going to get.
Well, our roots in Western Europe go back to the time of Charlemagne.
Well, part of him may feel that way, but there's another part that I've seen.
Well, perhaps I could wait, if you don't mind.
Well, perhaps I'll let the Prime Minister to explain that.
Well, perhaps it was because.
Well, perhaps it's just as well you got it out of your systems.
Well, perhaps we've got a tempest in a test tube, after all.
Well, perhaps you over think things.
Well, perhaps you would clarify it for me.
Well, personally, I hate losing.
Well, please sit down.
Well, possibly.
Well, right now we have more immediate concerns.
Well, said.
Well, scholars don't always enjoy administrative demands.
Well, shall we get started?
Well, shall we make our way to the shuttlebay?
Well, shall we?
Well, she can go back to her quarters when she's done.
Well, she did leave him.
Well, she must be here somewhere.
Well, she's bought us some time.
Well, she's, she's brilliant.
Well, since it's listed as intelligent circuitry, why not?
Well, sir what would you suggest?
Well, sir, I find it hard to believe you're that good a singer.
Well, sir, I'm afraid even the bride won't be present for this one.
Well, sir, a good starting point may be, why was I given human form?
Well, sir, let me serve notice.
Well, so far the archive has transformed about twenty percent of the ship.
Well, so much for my dramatically romantic exit.
Well, someone has certainly played a game on you, Fajo.
Well, sometimes, fathers and sons.
Well, soon she'll be ship-shape and Bristol-fashion.
Well, take a look at this.
Well, tell me a little about yourself, Crewman.
Well, tell them to flip a coin.
Well, thank you for a delicious meal.
Well, thank you for coming to talk to us.
Well, thank you for the soup.
Well, thank you for your concern.
Well, thank you, Captain, but this uniform just doesn't fit, and you know it.
Well, thank you, Data.
Well, thank you, Mister Data.
Well, thank you.
Well, thanks again for manning one of our bridge stations, Wesley.
Well, thanks for walking me down.
Well, thanks to your captain, it seems my intentions have changed slightly.
Well, that and the table.
Well, that certainly was exciting, wasn't it?
Well, that explains it, then.
Well, that helps a lot.
Well, that is a little vague.
Well, that may be your opinion, Cadet, but I stand by my work.
Well, that should do it.
Well, that wasn't what killed him.
Well, that will be just fine.
Well, that would make the difference.
Well, that'll change your point of view.
Well, that's a Benzite trait.
Well, that's all over now.
Well, that's better.
Well, that's bound to cause a dream or two.
Well, that's certainly true.
Well, that's impossible.
Well, that's it for Melina Two.
Well, that's it for the living quarters on this deck.
Well, that's only natural.
Well, that's perfect.
Well, that's takes care of this ward.
Well, that's the problem I see here.
Well, that's the question you have to answer.
Well, that's too bad.
Well, that's very nice.
Well, that's what makes it so interesting.
Well, that's where the emitters come in.
Well, that's why I want to increase the stream density.
Well, that's wrong, I do bite.
Well, that's your Prime Directive, not mine!
Well, the Captain's highly attracted to me, but he's a little too old.
Well, the PADDs are functioning normally.
Well, the Uthat belongs to your time, not mine.
Well, the circumstance of their death's quite odd.
Well, the cluster's a lot more dense than we thought.
Well, the colonists are not going to be happy about that.
Well, the computer's not working very well.
Well, the medical supplies are all right.
Well, the opening was there.
Well, the overall configuration is certainly Fifth Dynasty.
Well, the person in question is in his quarters at the moment.
Well, the positronic net checks out.
Well, the ship is yours, Number One.
Well, the unexpected is our normal routine.
Well, their Chief Engineer is Commander Donald Kaplan.
Well, then I have an advantage, don't I?
Well, then I hope to see you tonight.
Well, then it seems the next move is yours.
Well, then it's going to be a close one.
Well, then let me just our relationship is beyond friendship, beyond family.
Well, then maybe he's in the wrong line of work.
Well, then we have no other choice.
Well, then we'll have a problem, won't we?
Well, then what did you mean?
Well, then, I'll have to make him an acting ensign.
Well, then, maybe she's an impostor.
Well, then, return to your post.
Well, then, that ought to do it.
Well, there are two possibilities.
Well, there is a Klingon vessel in the area.
Well, there it is.
Well, there it sits.
Well, there must be a record somewhere.
Well, there must be some explanation for this.
Well, there were some skirmishes, when I was with Captain Maxwell.
Well, there you are.
Well, there's always another Varria.
Well, there's an idea.
Well, there's nothing much to talk about.
Well, there's nothing there now.
Well, there's nothing unusual about that.
Well, there's nothing wrong with it now, sir.
Well, there's nothing wrong with that.
Well, there's plenty of time for that.
Well, there, that's better.
Well, these things happen.
Well, they all go through that.
Well, they both get a lot of snow.
Well, they got this restaurant there where you can eat all you want, any time.
Well, they say if you travel far enough you will eventually meet yourself.
Well, they seem to have a somewhat exaggerated impression of me.
Well, they should be en route to the Kes border.
Well, they're alive now.
Well, they're going to have to adjust.
Well, they're just simple isolinear chips, sir, to Data anyway.
Well, they're not so little any more.
Well, think about Earth.
Well, this colony's been here over ninety years.
Well, this is a bad one.
Well, this is a lot to think about.
Well, this is a new ship, but she's got the right name.
Well, this is a page from the past.
Well, this is a relief.
Well, this is a sample of linear memory crystal from our computer core.
Well, this is an insect mind, sir.
Well, this is exciting.
Well, this is it!
Well, this is my street.
Well, this is the morning after, huh?
Well, this is the way I am now.
Well, this is unusual.
Well, this is what we came here for.
Well, this is where I get off.
Well, this is your baby.
Well, this isn't a routine situation.
Well, this stuff's going to take a while.
Well, this time we may have a chance to do it the right way.
Well, this time you will be held accountable.
Well, time has been good to you.
Well, tis about to begin.
Well, to be honest, I always avoided you.
Well, to everyone else you do.
Well, to make it easier for humans to relate to you.
Well, to tell you the truth, I really want to see everyone.
Well, to tell you the truth, I've studied you.
Well, to the Enterprise and the Stargazer.
Well, tough guy, this time you've really done it.
Well, troubles.
Well, trust Edouard.
Well, try and rest.
Well, twenty minutes?
Well, under normal circumstances, I'd say seek a higher power.
Well, until we find our own method of communication.
Well, up until now, if you'll forgive this, you've been uninteresting.
Well, we can at least tell each other what we know.
Well, we can start with repolarising the interface.
Well, we can't go back and we can't stay here.
Well, we can't just leave.
Well, we can't stand around here doing nothing.
Well, we could do to him what he did to us.
Well, we have a couple of options.
Well, we have a newborn star to study.
Well, we have a problem.
Well, we have got one hour before curtain.
Well, we have to find some way of staying unfrozen.
Well, we know he'll get his sleep.
Well, we should get some sleep.
Well, we should start practice.
Well, we still have a lot of ground to cover tomorrow.
Well, we thought it might make us fall in love all over again.
Well, we will gladly explore the possibility of it with you, Mister Conor.
Well, we would appear magical to Stone Age people.
Well, we wouldn't necessarily have to fire at them.
Well, we'd better get going.
Well, we'll can talk about it later.
Well, we'll deal with the repercussions later.
Well, we'll discuss it.
Well, we'll do the best we can for you.
Well, we'll miss you at the party.
Well, we'll watch this evidence, and we'll weigh it accordingly.
Well, we're going to have to manufacture a new conduit.
Well, we're going to try to transport this chair off the holodeck first.
Well, we're in the same boat, huh?
Well, we're not really tired, son.
Well, we're solid enough to each other.
Well, we're still here.
Well, we're very excited to have you with us.
Well, we're way ahead of schedule.
Well, we've got one more possibility.
Well, we've got one, waiting to beam aboard complete with orders.
Well, we've got to give it a try.
Well, we've thrown down the gauntlet.
Well, well, look what the cat dragged in.
Well, well, well, well, well.
Well, well, well, what have we got here?
Well, what can we do for you?
Well, what did these outlaws look like?
Well, what did you expect us to do?
Well, what do you guys do?
Well, what do you know?
Well, what do you think of her, Data?
Well, what do you think, Mister Worf?
Well, what do your Betazoid senses tell you about me?
Well, what got us here?
Well, what have you turned up so far?
Well, what is it, Wesley?
Well, what is it?
Well, what now?
Well, what's the hurry?
Well, what's the least dangerous route, Data?
Well, whatever is troubling him, I think we should try to help.
Well, whatever it is we're looking for, it seems we've found it.
Well, whatever it was, it left something behind.
Well, whatever's been going on over here gave us exactly what we needed.
Well, when I came to see you, it was to talk about modifying this.
Well, when I first called you I was feeling intense pain.
Well, when that happened, I was overwhelmed.
Well, when you put it like that, I think you're absolutely right.
Well, where the hell are we?
Well, wherever it came from, it sure doesn't want us messing with this node.
Well, whether he wants us or not.
Well, whether we do or not, I want to thank you for trying.
Well, who leads when you dance?
Well, who'll be left to bury you?
Well, who's next, Mister Homn?
Well, why don't you all have a look around on your own for a while.
Well, why should he have all the fun?
Well, with that holodeck we just saw.
Well, with this level of sophistication.
Well, would anyone else like to speak up?
Well, would you look at this.
Well, wouldn't it be better for him to know his grandfather?
Well, yes, a little.
Well, yes, but.
Well, yes, he gave him his injection.
Well, yes, of course, if all parties request it.
Well, yes, sir.
Well, yes, speaking as a mother.
Well, yes, you're leaving.
Well, yesterday I was running routine diagnostics on the sensor pallets.
Well, you all remember a table, so let's start with that.
Well, you are going to, when you see what it does to us.
Well, you are self aware.
Well, you did it.
Well, you did kill my ex-husband, and that's not a bad start.
Well, you don't offer much, do you?
Well, you have taken on quite a responsibility, Data.
Well, you have the Bridge, Number One.
Well, you have the smoke coming out of a bucket of water.
Well, you have twelve hours to think it over.
Well, you just asked me.
Well, you know how she was.
Well, you know what they say, Mister Worf.
Well, you know why.
Well, you know women.
Well, you know, that really does look very nice, Mister Mot.
Well, you know, they send you Galaxy Class boys out here to the far reaches.
Well, you may not trust me, but you do need me.
Well, you might be right, but I'd like to give the crash site a once over first.
Well, you might first try a relaxation technique, like plexing.
Well, you never can predict the weather.
Well, you obviously have romantic feelings for him.
Well, you put a young couple together and you let nature take its course.
Well, you see, sir, I have a daughter.
Well, you were born Jeremiah on Galen Four.
Well, you were wrong!
Well, you won't succeed.
Well, you wouldn't be playing one of the leads.
Well, you'd better get a new one, because I'm not a doctor on this ship anymore.
Well, you'd better go to Sickbay.
Well, you'll figure it out later.
Well, you'll just have to tell us again.
Well, you're back early.
Well, you're certainly beginning to look the part.
Well, you're certainly not a Terellian, unless you've lost two of your arms.
Well, you're going to be all right.
Well, you're going to have to.
Well, you're here, aren't you?
Well, you're new on the Enterprise.
Well, you're right.
Well, you're safe now.
Well, you're supposed to put them in a row, like this.
Well, you're there now.
Well, you've been practising.
Well, you've never known fear, Data.
Well, your relationship with Lieutenant Rocha, for example.
Were Amanda's parents executed by the Q Continuum?
Were able to access the security tracking codes?
Were the Yridians able to get these number blocks?
Were the levels high enough to cause damage to organic tissue?
Were the solar radiation levels high enough to kill him?
Were there any smells in the room?
Were there any sounds?
Were they able to identify the attackers?
Were they frozen for an extended journey?
Were they infected too?
Were they lies?
Were they pressured to return?
Were they threatened with any punishment if they didn't?
Were those caves laced with kelbonite or fistrium?
Were we hit by a small meteor?
Were you abducted from Chalna?
Were you able disable the photons?
Were you able to contact the boy's parents?
Were you able to do anything for him?
Were you able to establish a pathology, Doctor?
Were you able to help Tasha?
Were you able to salvage anything else from the escape pod?
Were you able to save the pilot?
Were you always blind?
Were you angry at me because I was the one who told you your father was dead?
Were you built for combat, android?
Were you concerned about me?
Were you ever in the nacelle room at the same time as Lieutenant Kwan?
Were you ever married?
Were you ever this anxious to please, Data?
Were you expecting a different result this time, Doctor?
Were you expecting the Ferengi, Premier?
Were you hear all along?
Were you prepared, sir?
Were you really going to give this to the Daystrom Institute?
Were you so jealous?
Were you successful, Commander?
Were you the only one?
Were you this much fun when you were a kid?
Were you two very close?
Were you with Worf's father just before the attack on Khitomer?
Were you?
Weren't there about forty people killed?
Weren't you getting along?
Wes seems fine.
Wes was our only child.
Wes!
Wes, I know you want to protect his memory, We all do.
Wes, I'm going to need an SCM model three, from ship's stores.
Wes, alert Engineering from your panel, alright?
Wes, come in please.
Wes, do you think you're going to get a good grade?
Wes, don't disturb the Captain or Commander Riker until we check this out.
Wes, enjoy your vacation.
Wes, remember our purpose is to improvise.
Wes, responsibility and authority go hand in hand.
Wes, tell me again how Data said he immobilised Lore.
Wes, the minute you walk through that door they're your team.
Wes, there's being thorough and then there's wasting time.
Wes, this is Captain Picard.
Wes, time for the experiment is over.
Wes, we're waiting for that magnet.
Wes, we've only got thirty two hours.
Wes, you cheated.
Wes, you're only an acting ensign.
Wes, you're really something.
Wes, your mother told me you were finding it difficult to talk to Jeremy.
Wesley ?
Wesley Crusher does.
Wesley Crusher of the Enterprise.
Wesley Crusher, come in!
Wesley Crusher, report to the Bridge, on the double.
Wesley Crusher, this is Riker.
Wesley Crusher?
Wesley and one of his friends have contracted some form of respiratory ailment.
Wesley creeps out of his hiding place.
Wesley did.
Wesley has a lot of questions about his father.
Wesley is only showing himself to be alert and responsible.
Wesley is such a person.
Wesley kept throwing manta leaves in the fire, watching them pop.
Wesley lost points because he helped me.
Wesley out!
Wesley should really be doing this on his own.
Wesley spoke of him.
Wesley was so excited to make the flight team.
Wesley's allergic to metorapan treatments.
Wesley's experiment clearly did not have the scope to affect an entire starship.
Wesley's experiment!
Wesley's finally come to terms with his father's death.
Wesley's subsequent diversions gave me adequate time to modify the palm beacon.
Wesley, Data, let's go.
Wesley, Geordi, prepare to warp jump.
Wesley, I can't do it.
Wesley, I have to go now.
Wesley, I hope you never do.
Wesley, I may know best of all.
Wesley, I may not make it.
Wesley, I'm frightened.
Wesley, I've assigned you the command of the planetary mineral surveys.
Wesley, Lieutenant.
Wesley, Radue is right.
Wesley, all of you have been chosen because you are special.
Wesley, are you all right?
Wesley, at what level are you?
Wesley, congratulations on passing your Starfleet written examination.
Wesley, don't forget Law Ninety One.
Wesley, get out of here now.
Wesley, have you got it?
Wesley, if you've something to report.
Wesley, it's a little more complicated than that.
Wesley, it's a major undertaking to set up the scanner.
Wesley, it's my fault that you're here.
Wesley, let's not say goodbye like this.
Wesley, listen to me.
Wesley, look at me.
Wesley, look at that.
Wesley, no one wants to become dependent.
Wesley, no!
Wesley, now!
Wesley, reverse our direction, set a course for the Cornelian star system.
Wesley, sometimes something happens which you just must accept.
Wesley, talk to me.
Wesley, thank God!
Wesley, that's not true.
Wesley, this meeting is not for you.
Wesley, unless you leave immediately, you're going to miss the Bradbury.
Wesley, was our attempt to make you uncomfortable effective?
Wesley, we have to hang on just a little longer, then this will all be over.
Wesley, where do I go?
Wesley, why is that important?
Wesley, would you look in on Commander Data?
Wesley, you are going to have to keep a rein on Dirgo.
Wesley, you are on vacation.
Wesley, you haven't found that defocused area yet?
Wesley, you will be missed.
Wesley.
Whalen?
What Baran knows, I know.
What Federation starship was closest to Khitomer at the time of the attack?
What I am is pretty much there.
What I am.
What I believe doesn't matter.
What I can't figure out is why she lost consciousness.
What I did had to be done.
What I didn't realise was just how brilliant my sister is.
What I didn't think of, she did.
What I do is specific.
What I do know is here, today, one way, millions of lives could be saved.
What I do know is, things will be different.
What I don't understand is why.
What I don't understand, sir, is how Karnas knew you were still available.
What I have seen, what I have learned, fascinates me.
What I have sensed is more like an imprint.
What I have to find out is how this happened, and who or what is behind it.
What I mean is, it is not your fault.
What I meant, sir, is that Daled Four rotates only once per revolution.
What I need is the company of a charming, intelligent woman.
What I need now is to see some normal brain scans for comparison.
What I offer him is clearly beyond your comprehension.
What I propose is that we send a fleet to the Romulan-Klingon border.
What I propose is we create an atmospheric shield on the planet.
What I really wanted to talk to you about is Jenice.
What I say is unimportant.
What I sense from you is very unusual.
What I sense of them is human.
What I sensed before hasn't changed.
What I sensed during the concert was that he'd lost control.
What I thought was innovative about the last Enterprise, the one before that.
What I want is not important.
What I want is to cure people.
What I want is to go home.
What I want to know is why?
What I will do is give you the means to feed and clothe yourselves.
What I wish is irrelevant.
What I would like is to be returned to my ship.
What I wouldn't give to hear those songs again.
What I'm asking for is time, patience.
What I've become.
What I've been choosing for breakfast recently.
What I've done is evil, selfish, immoral, unprincipled, illegal.
What I've done is replace them with tricellite.
What a blind, narrow view you have.
What a charming picture.
What a charming suggestion.
What a constant joy you are.
What a crowning achievement for his career.
What a dreadful colour.
What a fool I've been.
What a handsome race.
What a headache!
What a jolt!
What a kind and generous purpose.
What a language.
What a marvellous contradiction.
What a naughty dog.
What a nice thing to say.
What a perfectly vicious little circle.
What a piece of work is man.
What a pleasure it is to have you with us again so soon.
What a refreshing change to be with a man who knows what he wants.
What a remarkable piece of work.
What a shame.
What a sight.
What a surprise.
What a tangled web we weave.
What a tempting offer.
What a terrible way to die.
What a wonderful choice, sir.
What a wonderful fairy tale.
What a wonderful name.
What a wondrous place.
What about Captain Picard?
What about Commander La Forge.
What about Commander Riker?
What about Data?
What about Durken?
What about Geordi and Troi?
What about Geordi and Worf?
What about Jimmy Cuzzo?
What about La Forge?
What about Mendez?
What about Mister Data?
What about Mot?
What about Neil?
What about Risa?
What about Rishon?
What about Ten Forward?
What about a computer core from thirty or forty years ago?
What about a family?
What about a shuttle?
What about alkysine treatment?
What about another look at this ship?
What about attempting a magnetic quench on the fusion pre-burners?
What about communications, sensors, life support?
What about communications?
What about drunk?
What about energy readings?
What about fire?
What about flooding their air vents with anaesthezine gas?
What about for Jean-Luc?
What about freedom?
What about heat and pressure levels?
What about her, Clara?
What about his eyes and his skin?
What about his file, Lieutenant Yar?
What about his mother?
What about his skin colour?
What about his visor?
What about in the closet?
What about it?
What about life signs?
What about love?
What about males?
What about my age?
What about my crew?
What about my people?
What about my quarters?
What about my right not to have my life work subverted by blind ignorance?
What about nightmares?
What about now?
What about our children?
What about our freighters?
What about our lives, his and mine?
What about plain old basic sex?
What about re-orienting the crystal?
What about self awareness.
What about that comm.
What about that special dessert you promised me?
What about the Bynars?
What about the Cardassians?
What about the colony?
What about the computer systems?
What about the data conversion rates?
What about the defence system Mrs.
What about the detonator?
What about the doctor?
What about the dust?
What about the energy field the shuttle passed through?
What about the entity that controlled you, What were your perceptions of him?
What about the experiment?
What about the field emitter coil?
What about the fire aboard the Stargazer?
What about the heavy graviton beam we were talking about?
What about the high-resolution EM scans?
What about the lateral sensors?
What about the little ones, Brett, Alandra and er?
What about the lives that have already been lost?
What about the luminosity studies?
What about the others?
What about the outpost?
What about the people down there?
What about the people on that freighter?
What about the planet surface?
What about the poor?
What about the relays?
What about the responsibility of caring of the elderly?
What about the rights of those who would stay behind?
What about the shrieking noises that you made?
What about the suicide note?
What about the transporter logs?
What about the trilithium resin?
What about the ultraviolet?
What about the weapons?
What about these Indians of yours?
What about this one?
What about this?
What about those crewmembers who are not from Earth?
What about those lengths of metal in the yard outside?
What about transporter psychosis?
What about us?
What about weapons?
What about when he's awake?
What about you, Commander?
What about you, Counsellor?
What about you, Number One?
What about you, Rishon?
What about you, Troi?
What about your Chorus?
What about your deputy?
What about your duty to your friends?
What about your travelling companion?
What about your visor?
What about?
What action should we take, sir?
What am I going to talk to Captain Picard about for six hours?
What am I going to tell him?
What am I missing?
What am I seeing?
What am I still doing here?
What am I supposed to do?
What am I talking about?
What am I thinking?
What am I waiting for?
What an achievement.
What an arrogant man you are.
What an awful tragedy.
What an idea!
What an interesting idea.
What an interesting pair you are.
What an interesting situation.
What are Okona's crimes?
What are all these laws that I keep hearing about?
What are all these people still doing here?
What are criteria?
What are his chances?
What are his limits?
What are his rights in this century?
What are ten days in the life of one Klingon compared to that?
What are the Ferengi up to?
What are the allegations, Worf?
What are the chances of this occurring?
What are the defensive capabilities of the Central Command?
What are the radiation levels in the quaratum?
What are the risks to Commander Data?
What are the risks when we leave this room?
What are the stats on main phaser banks?
What are the symptoms?
What are their defences?
What are their names?
What are their values?
What are these animals doing here, Number One.
What are these dark spots?
What are these energy variations that keep appearing?
What are these little dark things?
What are these?
What are they hiding?
What are they up to?
What are they, Worf?
What are those figures?
What are we being transformed into?
What are we dealing with here?
What are we doing back here?
What are we doing here?
What are we going to do about this one?
What are we going to do with it?
What are we looking at?
What are we to look for, sir?
What are you afraid of?
What are you all doing here together?
What are you all having, boys?
What are you doing at this very moment?
What are you doing in such a filthy uniform?
What are you doing involved with them?
What are you doing now?
What are you doing on Romulus?
What are you doing on my ship?
What are you doing on this planet?
What are you doing there?
What are you doing up there?
What are you doing with that?
What are you doing, Commander?
What are you doing, Will?
What are you driving at, Picard?
What are you getting from him?
What are you going to do to me?
What are you going to do with all this?
What are you going to do with the anvil?
What are you going to give up?
What are you going to say about me?
What are you having?
What are you negotiating?
What are you proposing?
What are you really?
What are you recommending?
What are you saying, Doctor?
What are you saying, Krola?
What are you saying, that we're some sort of spirits?
What are you smiling at?
What are you so worried about?
What are you suggesting, Lieutenant?
What are you talking about, Data?
What are you talking about.
What are you trying to tell me?
What are you, Worf?
What are you, nuts or something?
What are your intentions, Captain Endar?
What are your intentions, Professor?
What are your terms?
What are your wishes, Lal?
What assassination attempt?
What battle?
What began as a curious inconvenience has turned into a serious threat.
What better occasion to integrate my results into your study?
What better way to get first hand experience?
What better way to test my invention?
What big ears you have.
What bothers me, Captain, is how specific this damage is.
What brings you here to brighten my day?
What brings you here, Q?
What brings you here?
What brings you so far from home?
What brings you to the Bridge?
What brought this up?
What burns in their eyes, fires my soul.
What business did you have going near one of their computers?
What business do we have today?
What can I do for you, Chief?
What can I do for you, Doctor?
What can I do for you, Mister Bender?
What can I do for you, Number One?
What can I do for you, sir?
What can I do for you, today?
What can I get for you?
What can I offer except myself?
What can we do to prevent this from happening again?
What can we do to stop the overload?
What can we do?
What can you determine, Mister La Forge?
What can you do for him?
What can you make out?
What can you not do anymore, Ensign?
What can you offer?
What can you tell me about Renny?
What can you tell me about our captors?
What can you tell us about him, Doctor?
What can you tell us about this device?
What can you tell us?
What captain wouldn't?
What caused the malfunctions?
What caused the rage?
What causes them?
What chance do you think your grandson has of reaching the age of sixty?
What chance?
What changed your mind?
What choice of vocation would have met with your approval, sir?
What colour were his eyes?
What comm.
What command shall I try to plant?
What concerns me is finding a way to leave the holodeck.
What condition?
What configuration?
What contract?
What could I possibly say?
What could I say?
What could be causing it?
What could be more appropriate than that?
What could be so funny?
What could do that?
What could have caused such a catastrophic malfunction?
What could have caused such an event?
What could he want?
What could interest you in there?
What could it hope to learn?
What could it possibly have in common with them?
What could motivate someone like your father to commit such an act?
What could possibly be so important?
What could the ringing symbolise?
What could they be talking about?
What could they possibly be doing down there?
What courage!
What crimes are you referring to?
What curious questions, Captain.
What date did I report on board?
What deck is this?
What did I do to drive him away?
What did I just say?
What did Lore tell you about that?
What did Talur say about him?
What did happen?
What did he look like?
What did he mean, he picked the right day?
What did he say when you turned down your own command?
What did he say?
What did he tell you?
What did she call you?
What did she say to you?
What did she train her cat to do?
What did they do to you?
What did they teach you about us?
What did they want?
What did this to us?
What did we see?
What did you do for your science projects?
What did you do to her?
What did you do to them, Q?
What did you do to this laser drill?
What did you do with the science team that was on the surface?
What did you do, Mark?
What did you do?
What did you find out?
What did you find, Data?
What did you found out about Uhnari?
What did you have in mind?
What did you hope to accomplish by assisting these people?
What did you mean?
What did you say, Ensign?
What did you tell him?
What did you tell them?
What did you think it was?
What did your investigations reveal about the explosion?
What difference do a few years make?
What difference does it make how it works?
What do I ask for?
What do I do about personality conflicts?
What do I do next?
What do I have to do?
What do I look like?
What do I win?
What do humans have to offer you that even begins to compare with that?
What do my nightmares mean?
What do the terrorists need that Karnas can't, or won't, give them?
What do they do there?
What do they know?
What do they mean?
What do they represent?
What do they say?
What do they want with the Enterprise?
What do those footfalls tell you, Watson?
What do we do if they deny the existence of survivors?
What do we do now, Captain?
What do we do now, father?
What do we do now, sir?
What do we do.
What do we have to lose?
What do we have?
What do we know about Celtris Three?
What do we know about that pulsar?
What do we know about the cause of these wars?
What do we know about them, Data?
What do we know about this weapon?
What do we know of him?
What do you call it again?
What do you do with a guy like that?
What do you expect him to say about us?
What do you expect us to do now?
What do you expect?
What do you feel, Lal?
What do you feel?
What do you have on aft?
What do you have, Mister La Forge?
What do you intend to do about my son?
What do you intend to do, Captain?
What do you intend to do?
What do you intend to tell them?
What do you know about my money?
What do you know about these life forms?
What do you know about this girl?
What do you know about your family, Captain?
What do you know and what do you say?
What do you know of Cardassian history?
What do you know of Klingon law, human?
What do you know of conspiracies, Captain?
What do you know of needs and feelings?
What do you know of them?
What do you know.
What do you make of it, La Forge?
What do you make of it?
What do you make of that?
What do you make of this, sir?
What do you make of this?
What do you mean a life form?!
What do you mean degenerative?
What do you mean, Doctor?
What do you mean, I can't go down there?
What do you mean, give them a target?
What do you mean, let he him try it?
What do you mean, now?
What do you mean, pack?
What do you mean, possible?
What do you mean, quantum realities?
What do you mean, sure of?
What do you mean, where did I get that idea?
What do you mean, you're dying?
What do you need all this stuff for?
What do you need the autopsy files for?
What do you need, Q?
What do you offer?
What do you propose we do?
What do you really want of us?
What do you recommend?
What do you remember before that?
What do you remember?
What do you say about this, Koroth?
What do you say, Jay?
What do you say?
What do you see when you look out there?
What do you seek?
What do you sense?
What do you suggest we do?
What do you think about this?
What do you think caused you to act and feel this way?
What do you think he wants?
What do you think is sacred to us here?
What do you think it is going to be?
What do you think it represents?
What do you think of my followers, Picard?
What do you think of our planet?
What do you think of that, Ro?
What do you think of the Enterprise D?
What do you think of your room?
What do you think the Vulcan people think of that?
What do you think they mean?
What do you think they were after?
What do you think we're making?
What do you think you should do?
What do you think, Data?
What do you think, Doctor?
What do you think, Number One?
What do you want from me?
What do you want in it?
What do you want me to think about?
What do you want of us?
What do you want then?
What do you want to know?
What do you want us to do, walk in and tell them everything that happened?
What do you want, Q?
What do you want, Sirol?
What do you want, Will Riker?
What do you wish me to do, dear?
What do you wish to talk about?
What do you wish you had said?
What do you?
What do your feelings tell you?
What do your sensors indicate?
What does C forty seven control?
What does Lal do while you're on duty?
What does a woman like you see in a man like Moriarty?
What does he do again?
What does he know about it?
What does he need to begin making use of that?
What does he teach?
What does he want?
What does helm control have to do with medical crosschecks?
What does it all mean?
What does it do?
What does it mean ?
What does it sing for you?
What does she say?
What does that device do?
What does that little one do, Mister Woof?
What does that mean for us, for our family?
What does that programme tell you about what you're doing to Geordi?
What does that say about you?
What does that tell us, Doctor?
What does the archive hope to accomplish?
What does the man do?
What does this mean?
What does this say of an Empire who holds honour so dear?
What else can we do?
What else could I be?
What else could we do?
What else do we know about Barradas Three?
What else do you know, Mirasta?
What else do you remember, Captain?
What else have we got in the neighbourhood?
What else have you done?
What else have you found out?
What else have you got?
What else is there?
What else might have happened all because I misspoke a single word.
What else would I be, dear lady?
What emits that type of radiation?
What evidence do you have of that?
What evidence would you have of my reality beyond that of your senses?
What exactly are the Q?
What exactly are you making?
What exactly are you?
What exactly are youe getting at?
What exactly did you do?
What exactly did you mean?
What exactly do you mean by a bumpy ride?
What exactly does this device do?
What exactly is total systems failure?
What exactly will this work entail?
What execution?
What female are you referring to?
What force or phenomenon could cause the shuttle to be thrown back in time?
What function might that be?
What good would that do?
What had to be done?
What happened after the welcoming ceremony?
What happened appears to have been the work of one desperate man.
What happened back there, Ensign?
What happened back there, Lieutenant?
What happened between your people and the Borg?
What happened in that Council Chamber?
What happened next?
What happened on Rana Four?
What happened there.
What happened there?
What happened to Amanda's parents?
What happened to Deanna?
What happened to Sickbay?
What happened to all the people?
What happened to her?
What happened to it?
What happened to me?
What happened to the dashing young Ensign from last night?
What happened to the rendezvous with the Clement?
What happened to the rest of the crew?
What happened to the rest of the ship?
What happened to the second beam?
What happened to the shuttlecraft, Number One?
What happened to the sword?
What happened to the test ship?
What happened to these pieces of metal?
What happened to those millions of calculations per second?
What happened to us in that missing day?
What happened to you, is it part of what happened to the ship?
What happened to your glass?
What happened to your hair?
What happened to your predecessors?
What happened to your visor?
What happened today on the planet is frightening.
What happened was a tragedy, yes, but it wasn't your fault and it wasn't mine.
What happened was his fault?
What happened, Captain?
What happened, Data?
What happened, Deanna?
What happened, Mother.
What happened, Tasha?
What happened?
What happens at Keystone City?
What happens now?
What happens to impoverished societies.
What happens to me in the other time line?
What happens to me isn't important.
What happens to this man?
What harm would there be in accepting his proposition?
What has been said here will never be spoken of again.
What has happened here?
What has happened to bring you to that conclusion?
What has this life done to you?
What have I forgotten?
What have bright, primary colours got to do with it?
What have they done to my ship now?
What have we got?
What have you been able to find out about him so far?
What have you been doing all this time?
What have you brought us here for?
What have you decided?
What have you done about this?
What have you done so far?
What have you done to Commander Data?
What have you done to her?
What have you done with Lieutenant Barclay and Commander Data?
What have you done with my ship?
What have you done with the duotronic enhancers?
What have you found out?
What have you found, Doctor?
What have you found?
What have you got, Will?
What have you learned about him so far?
What have you learned about the tectonic stability around the drilling sites?
What have you learned, Number One?
What he means is, what planet is this?
What he wants most is to captain a starship.
What help?
What if Daddy reads you a story tonight?
What if Data wasn't on that shuttle?
What if I challenge this ruling?
What if I don't avoid the fight?
What if I don't want to?
What if I had been under that thing?
What if I refuse?
What if I snore in my sleep?
What if I tell you he is still alive?
What if I won't make the changes?
What if I'm like this the rest of my life?
What if I'm not who I say I am?
What if he brings some of his Nausicaan friends with him?
What if he doesn't want to go back?
What if he's an imposter?
What if he's not alone?
What if he's right and you're wrong?
What if it doesn't work?
What if it hits the Sickbay, or nursery?
What if it is a biochemical storage medium?
What if it is just me?
What if it is just you?
What if it's a feedback loop controller?
What if it's not some huge conspiracy?
What if lives are lost?
What if my story doesn't check out?
What if nothing occurs to me?
What if some day the Federation made peace with the Romulans.
What if someone dies because I made a mistake?
What if someone's trying to use the game for some purpose other than pleasure?
What if that one doesn't open either?
What if the Cardassians are in that nebula to conduct scientific research?
What if the Dremans asked for our help?
What if their long range scanners are faulty?
What if there're more of them?
What if there's an outside influence at work here?
What if these Indians refuse to be evacuated?
What if they become aware that something strange is going on?
What if they can't find a way?
What if they're right?
What if they're trying to undermine our history for some reason.
What if they're using inter-dimensional travel?
What if they've chosen a course to the cosmic string?
What if we ask them if they are willing to proceed.
What if we could reverse that process?
What if we detonated a low yield photon torpedo within the particle stream?
What if we look at this from a mosquito's point of view.
What if we modified the main deflector to emit an inverse tachyon pulse.
What if we modified the phasers to send out a luvetric pulse?
What if we were?
What if we're transmitting something ourselves by touching it, or something.
What if what happened to the others is happening to me?
What if you feel compelled to go down to the planet like the others?
What if you lose?
What if you were needed on the Bridge at a key moment, and you weren't there?
What if you're an impostor?
What if you're wrong?
What if your scientists can't find the answer without you?
What if, what if, what if one of us is the connection?
What in God's name is that?
What in blazes is this?
What in heaven's name?
What in hell do you want?
What in nature could cause that?
What in the hell kind of place is this?
What in the world was I thinking?
What in the world?
What information are you requesting?
What information do you want?
What instrument?
What is Captain Picard's background in diplomacy?
What is Geordi doing?
What is Iresine syndrome?
What is Starfleet going to do about it?
What is a Q?
What is a QE Two?
What is a clone?
What is a doctor?
What is a firomactal drive?
What is a knockout like you doing in a computer generated gin joint like this?
What is a way out of this?
What is at your mercy?
What is causing the increased neural activity is unclear.
What is death?
What is double?
What is expected of me once I'm there?
What is going on here, Number One?
What is going to happen that is so terrible?
What is happening to you?
What is happening, Father?
What is he afraid of?
What is he doing it for then?
What is he doing?
What is he feeling?
What is he like?
What is he made of?
What is he saying, Number One?
What is he saying?
What is he then?
What is he, a fish?
What is her rank?
What is his condition?
What is important is our response to this attack.
What is important is that we follow his teachings.
What is involved with two sexes?
What is it Captain?
What is it about it that consumes and enthralls you?
What is it about me you fear?
What is it about those squirming little infants that you find so appealing?
What is it like to laugh, or cry, or to experience any human emotions.
What is it like?
What is it now?
What is it that could kill everything on an entire planet?
What is it that makes you different from females?
What is it that you think you're rescuing me from?
What is it that you want from me?
What is it that you want in a man?
What is it that you're doing?
What is it they're launching?
What is it trying to learn?
What is it you are doing?
What is it you propose, Captain?
What is it you propose?
What is it you think you know, old woman?
What is it you want from him?
What is it you want from me?
What is it you want in return?
What is it you want, Admiral?
What is it you want, Q?
What is it you wanted to see me about?
What is it you're doing over there?
What is it you're looking for?
What is it, Commander?
What is it, Deanna?
What is it, Doctor.
What is it, Geordi?
What is it, Mister Data?
What is it, Troi?
What is it, Wes?
What is it, Worf?
What is it, four years?
What is it, girl?
What is it, pup?
What is its intent?
What is its power source?
What is its price?
What is its purpose?
What is its value to you?
What is my purpose?
What is my rank and position?
What is not inevitable, is that a man become a warrior.
What is our assignment?
What is our e.t.a.
What is our engine status, Ensign?
What is our function here?
What is our mission?
What is our purpose?
What is our situation?
What is our velocity?
What is present course, conn?
What is required for sentience?
What is she protecting?
What is so important you find it necessary to intrude upon my privacy?
What is so noble about sorrow?
What is that all about?
What is that doing here?
What is that doing on our deck?
What is that dreadful noise?
What is that high-speed sound you make?
What is that nature?
What is that noise?
What is that object?
What is that smell?
What is that you are wearing?
What is that you're wearing?
What is that?
What is the Story of the Promise, Worf?
What is the answer to my challenge?
What is the answer?
What is the boy doing here?
What is the computer analysis?
What is the condition of the alien ship?
What is the configuration?
What is the defence against that, Data?
What is the delay?
What is the etymology of that idiom?
What is the field strength of the ship's deflector shields at maximum output?
What is the last thing that you remember clearly?
What is the last thing you do remember?
What is the lesson for today?
What is the magnification?
What is the matter with these people?
What is the matter, Worf?
What is the matter?
What is the nature of the universe?
What is the nature of your emergency?
What is the nature of your mission?
What is the one thing that Robin Hood is most famous for?
What is the point of playing this ridiculous game?
What is the price of that opportunity?
What is the primary mission of the Starship Enterprise?
What is the purpose of bringing me here?
What is the range of this ship?
What is the real reason you do not wish to take me?
What is the situation with Bok, anyway?
What is the source of that risk?
What is the source of the flashes?
What is the source of the probe?
What is the source of this energy?
What is the source?
What is the status of our cloaking device?
What is the status of the engine replacement?
What is the status?
What is the subject?
What is their purpose?
What is there for us on Acamar Three?
What is this cargo?
What is this evidence?
What is this first step that Pardek suggests?
What is this getting us?
What is this message from Starbase Fourteen?
What is this need of yours for costumes, Q?
What is this place, Mister Data?
What is this ship?
What is this structure?
What is this test?
What is this, Holmes?
What is to be done with them, sir?
What is wrong with me?
What is wrong?
What is your choice?
What is your condition, Doctor?
What is your decision?
What is your destination?
What is your explanation, Mister Crusher?
What is your idea?
What is your mission on Celtris Three?
What is your part in all this?
What is your plan?
What is your position on the ship?
What is your position?
What is your problem?
What is your purpose in this area?
What is your response?
What is your scientific basis for that?
What is your status with him now?
What is your status?
What is, Commander?
What is, what was your other choice?
What justifies that smugness?
What kind of a man is Commander Riker?
What kind of a test is this?
What kind of a weapon makes a vicious wound like that?
What kind of abilities?
What kind of answer is that?
What kind of cake are you eating?
What kind of cargo?
What kind of chance?
What kind of choice?
What kind of creature is she?
What kind of damage would we have to do to shut them down?
What kind of deal?
What kind of drop can we expect?
What kind of eggs did you say these were?
What kind of energy output is it capable of generating?
What kind of flute is that?
What kind of foods?
What kind of fools do you have working for you, Picard?
What kind of hallucinations?
What kind of impulse?
What kind of incentive?
What kind of malfunction?
What kind of medical analysis have you made?
What kind of medicine is it?
What kind of message?
What kind of needs?
What kind of place is this, Data?
What kind of plan is that?
What kind of problem, Number One?
What kind of problems?
What kind of programme?
What kind of question is that?
What kind of questions did he have for you, Number One?
What kind of radiation could do this?
What kind of receiver would be capable of processing these signals?
What kind of resistance should we expect?
What kind of rumour?
What kind of service?
What kind of services?
What kind of traders?
What kind of transmissions?
What kind of twisted pleasure does it give you to bring terror into their lives?
What kind of vessel is she?
What kind of vessels?
What kind of weapon caused this?
What launching?
What level of communication, sir?
What life form?!
What lights?
What logical purpose do they serve?
What made our captors choose us?
What made the shuttle go into a spin?
What made you change your mind, Hugh?
What made you contact him?
What made you decide to come here?
What magnificent battles we could have at the helm of this ship.
What makes me sad is having to face it again after seeing what else is possible.
What makes us special?
What makes you think I'm a terrorist?
What makes you think so?
What makes you think that extraterrestrials are related to these discoveries.
What makes you think that's what we're doing?
What makes you think that?
What makes you think the Pakleds even have that kind of gear on board?
What makes you think you can dictate how people love each other?
What makes you think you can trust them?
What makes you think you're going to get any sleep?
What marvellous duplicity.
What matters is that I have attacked a Captain.
What matters is you acted that day as a true Klingon.
What matters is, I have returned to restore faith and hope to my people.
What matters, my little one, is that your mother's happy.
What means of locomotion does it use?
What mistakes could possibly explain these incredible explosions of velocity?
What more can we offer?
What more could one ask?
What more could you ask of yourself?
What more would you like?
What must I do to convince you people?
What my sensors showed was a glow, just for a second.
What naughty thoughts.
What needs to be said?
What negotiations?
What now, Captain?
What of Data?
What of it?
What of justice to Wesley?
What of justice?
What of our vessel?
What of you, with your empire gone?
What of your Prime Directive?
What old man are you referring to?
What on earth were you doing when you fell?
What on?
What other dangers await me?
What other option is there?
What other solution do we have?
What others?
What part of me does he represent?
What part of the agreement?
What play is it?
What possesses you?
What possible advantage could there be to the Romulans?
What precipitated the attack?
What problem is that, DaiMon Bok?
What progress on the matter-antimatter scan?
What punishment?
What purpose does it serve except to remind you that you are incomplete?
What puzzles me, Captain, is how she is expected to bring peace to Daled Four.
What race are you?
What range would that kind of transporter have?
What really happened to us?
What reason could we possibly have to deceive you?
What reason would anyone have to kill him?
What reason would he have to live?
What reasons could you have for letting these people suffer?
What registry would that be?
What report on the logs?
What right do you have to change us?
What right do you have to punish us?
What say you and I put together a little party?
What say you, son.
What scene?
What sea does she sail?
What secrets might it reveal that we can use?
What shall I call you?
What shall it be, Tomalak?
What shall we do?
What shall we play?
What she has not said is as important as her words.
What ship did you come on?
What ship is that?
What ship is this, Captain?
What ship were you on?
What ship would that be?
What should I choose?
What should I order?
What should I tell Alexander?
What should I tell them, sir?
What should I use?
What should we do?
What smell?
What sort of activity?
What sort of business do you suppose he is getting down to?
What sort of concerns?
What sort of lumps?
What sort of markings?
What sort of meaningless doubletalk is this?
What sort of passenger?
What sort of signal?
What sort of thing?
What sort of threat?
What sort of vessel?
What species are you?
What story would you like to hear?
What symptoms have you noticed?
What task is too menial for an entity?
What the Cardassians have or have not done is irrelevant.
What the Ferengi call the Battle of Maxia.
What the Q has offered you has got to be close to immortality, Will.
What the devil am I doing here?
What the devil happened to you up there?
What the devil is going on here, Number One?
What the devil is going on?
What the devil is he doing there among us?
What the devil is that?
What the hell am I doing?
What the hell are they are using?
What the hell are they doing in a Federation sector?
What the hell are you doing in my room?
What the hell are you doing?
What the hell difference does it make?
What the hell do they want with you?
What the hell does that mean?
What the hell happened here?
What the hell has happened to this war?
What the hell is happening in Engineering?
What the hell is happening?
What the hell is he doing?
What the hell is he up to?
What the hell is she doing?
What the hell is that supposed to mean?
What the hell is that?
What the hell is the matter with you?
What the hell is this all about?
What the hell is wrong with them?
What the hell was that thing?
What the hell was that?
What the hell.
What they feel is not helplessness.
What they need is breeding stock.
What they need is energy.
What they need, what they fear.
What they want, what they feel.
What things?
What this is about is the kind of medicine you seem to practice.
What thoughts?
What threat?
What time is it?
What to eat, what to say.
What to think, what to eat.
What tradition is it that empowered you to capture a helpless child?
What treachery is this?
What treaty?
What truth?
What type of beam did the Enterprise use to cause this damage in our hull?
What type of device is this?
What type of journey?
What type of radiation signature?
What type?
What unit?
What usually does?
What war?
What was I thinking at the moment Wesley's bubble formed?
What was Malencon doing when he was killed?
What was all that about?
What was he doing there if he couldn't sense that much hostility?
What was he doing?
What was he like?
What was he wearing?
What was he?
What was her previous assignment?
What was his accusation?
What was his real name?
What was in that, Doctor?
What was in those cargo containers?
What was it like?
What was it that Lieutenant Boylen used to call you?
What was it that didn't you mean to do, Timothy?
What was it that drew you here?
What was it that endowed me with life?
What was it you found humorous?
What was its origin point?
What was its point of departure?
What was its purpose?
What was left consisted largely of a network of underground tunnels.
What was my answer, computer?
What was she doing?
What was that called?
What was that for?
What was that noise?
What was that she said, sonny?
What was that song of his?
What was that thing?
What was that, Commander?
What was the date when you crashed?
What was the diagnosis?
What was the name of that case he was involved in?
What was the name of that ship?
What was the name of the fellow who always hung around you like a puppy?
What was the other choice?
What was the ship doing in the Neutral Zone?
What was the source of your jocular reaction?
What was the word on the container?
What was this man's crime?
What was to defend?
What was your first year like?
What was your name again?
What was your response?
What was your vessel's designation and its complement?
What wasn't easy?
What we are expected to do.
What we do is no different from what you do.
What we do today may profoundly affect upon the future.
What we have always done.
What we have built together would be destroyed by this man.
What we must concentrate on is the business at hand.
What we need is a climbing song.
What we seem to have here is a navigational deflector array.
What we think is what happens.
What we want is to get the dissidents to safety.
What we're doing is so exciting, so inspiring.
What we're facing is neither a person nor a place.
What we're investigating is, can Data be creative?
What went wrong this time?
What went wrong, Mister La Forge?
What went wrong?
What were the analytical team's findings?
What were the readings for?
What were the voices saying?
What were they thinking?
What were they trying to communicate?
What were those thoughts?
What were you doing accessing the propulsion system files on Stardate 44758?
What were you doing here, then?
What were you doing in the caves, Jason?
What were you doing on Barradas Three?
What were you doing on Omara?
What were you doing when you were seventeen?
What were you doing?
What were you dreaming about when we woke you up?
What were you going to say?
What were you just thinking?
What were you looking for?
What were you really feeling?
What were you saying?
What were you thinking when you hit Wes?
What were you thinking?
What were you trying to do?
What were you working on before I came in?
What will I do?
What will become of the resonator, sir?
What will happen to him then?
What will happen to him?
What will happen to them.
What will happen, all of it, it was all worth it.
What will that accomplish?
What will they do with him?
What will work?
What will you do now ?
What with all them hedge robbers and worse lurking about.
What woman would have him with an ego like that?
What woman?
What wonderful arrogance.
What wonderful fiction.
What would Jeremy do for friends in your world?
What would Picard do?
What would a scout ship be doing this far into the Neutral Zone?
What would anyone gain by doing that?
What would be the least painful to our crew?
What would be the purpose in counting them?
What would be the purpose of such an encasement?
What would cause something like this?
What would cause such a loss of control?
What would cause the engines to suddenly jump into warp?
What would have happened if she couldn't stop it?
What would have happened inside the shuttle?
What would it be like, Counsellor?
What would make you say that?
What would never work?
What would she think?
What would that get me?
What would the Romulans want with pieces of a twelve year old starship?
What would the next one be?
What would they have done first?
What would you choose?
What would you do if you got your ship back?
What would you do, Captain?
What would you have done?
What would you have me do, Data?
What would you have me tell them?
What would you like your father to promise, Alexander?
What would you prefer I called you?
What would your father say if he saw you like this?
What year is this?
What you are saying is that you are lonely.
What you call massacres were called the Norkan Campaign on my world, Captain.
What you choose to do with it is entirely up to you.
What you don't understand is that
What you experienced came from your own mind, your own spirit if you wish.
What you have done will have serious ramifications.
What you were and what you are to become will always with you.
What you would call wedding presents.
What you're doing down there is wrong.
What you're doing here is miraculous.
What you're offering him is a memory, something to cherish, not to live in.
What you've got a mild case of Urodelan Flu.
What'd you do, lose another bet?
What'd you do?
What'll happen to Geordi then?
What'll it be?
What'll you have?
What's a TKL?
What's a knockout like you doing in a computer-generated gin joint like this?
What's a knockout like you doing in a computer-generated joint like this?
What's a phaser?
What's a shuttlecraft doing out this far?
What's at Keystone City?
What's calculus?
What's causing the interference?
What's cooking?
What's going on in main Engineering?
What's going on in the prefrontal cortex?
What's going on, Mister Data?
What's going on, Q?
What's going to happen to the mercenaries?
What's going to happen to us?
What's good will that do?
What's gotten into you?
What's happened here?
What's happened to Alexandra and the other children, Captain?
What's happened to her?
What's happened to your mind, Doctor?
What's happened, Number One?
What's happening to me, Number One?
What's happening to me?
What's happening to the particle beam?
What's happening to us?
What's happening with the enhanced sensor arrays?
What's happening, Captain?
What's happening, Mister La Forge?
What's happening, Mister Worf?
What's happening, sir?
What's he after, anyway?
What's he done?
What's he like?
What's he saying?
What's he talking about?
What's her name?
What's her rate of transformation?
What's his name.
What's important is what I've done here.
What's in here?
What's in it?
What's in that container?
What's in that sector?
What's in there?
What's it about?
What's it doing?
What's it for?
What's it going to be when it's finished?
What's it lead to?
What's it like being an android?
What's it like?
What's it made of, Captain.
What's it's source?
What's its size, it's complement?
What's keeping them?
What's left of that deflector is laid out on the floor of our cargo bay.
What's left?
What's missing is a little compassion.
What's more, neither has anyone else on board this ship, except for Troi.
What's odd?
What's on that paper?
What's our ETA?
What's our acceleration delay between slow-reverse impulse and top warp speed?
What's our course?
What's our engine efficiency status?
What's our heading?
What's our position, Geordi?
What's our position?
What's our status?
What's over here, Data?
What's sacred to you, Wesley?
What's she doing here?
What's she doing on that ship?
What's sixty?
What's so damned troubling about not having died?
What's so funny about crew evaluations?
What's so funny about making someone think you killed them?
What's so important about the past?
What's so interesting about this system?
What's that going to do for us?
What's that hum?
What's that noise?
What's that one?
What's that you're looking at?
What's that you're singing?
What's that, Wesley?
What's the Zakdornian word for mismatch?
What's the armament on the Lollipop?
What's the armament on your ship?
What's the cause?
What's the condition of my lab?
What's the connection?
What's the distance from our present position?
What's the dosage?
What's the emergency?
What's the explanation?
What's the first thing you look at?
What's the first thing you remember, Data?
What's the game?
What's the harm in that?
What's the hold up, Number One?
What's the increase in efficiency?
What's the inside story?
What's the latest on the Enterprise's medical situation?
What's the matter with the Bridge?
What's the matter with this thing?
What's the matter with you!
What's the matter with you?
What's the matter, Data?
What's the matter, Will?
What's the matter, kid?
What's the nature of the emergency?
What's the nature of the problem, Captain?
What's the new piece to the puzzle?
What's the next step, Mister Data?
What's the occasion?
What's the origin of this debris field?
What's the phase alignment now?
What's the point of creating this fantasy?
What's the point of not eating?
What's the problem, Mister Data?
What's the problem?
What's the prognosis?
What's the right thing to say?
What's the rush?
What's the safest way around?
What's the situation, Number One?
What's the status of the warp engines?
What's the therapy?
What's the total?
What's the treatment.
What's their heading, Mister Worf?
What's their objective?
What's their purpose?
What's there to respect about a corpse?
What's this Neutral Zone?
What's this all about, Commander?
What's this all about, if you don't mind my asking?
What's this have to do with Barclay?
What's today's date?
What's under them, their meaning, is what's important.
What's up?
What's wrong on with the translator circuit?
What's wrong with giving me the orders to do it?
What's wrong with standing up for ourselves?
What's wrong with that?
What's wrong with you tonight?
What's wrong, Commander?
What's wrong, Sweetheart?
What's wrong, sir?
What's wrong, what's wrong, little one?
What's wrong.
What's your assessment of our potential effectiveness?
What's your best area of study?
What's your estimate on the engines, Geordi?
What's your evidence?
What's your feeling so far?
What's your hurry, Harry?
What's your hurry?
What's your impression of Shelby?
What's your impression of the field modulator, Mister Lote?
What's your instrument?
What's your memory capacity?
What's your mother like, Geordi?
What's your other option?
What's your position?
What's your purpose here?
What's your real purpose here?
What's your recommendation?
What's your situation?
What's your specialty?
What's your status?
What's yours?
What've you got?
What, I don't know.
What, are you in some kind of hurry or something?
What, are you kidding?
What, are you saying that Data is losing his mind?
What, because I'm beginning to behave like the rest of the crew?
What, being born?
What, dear fellow?
What, do you think I'm going to try to escape?
What, is there an echo in here?
What, jealous Oberon.
What, no seconds?
What, that she'd go out with me?
What, these?
What, to make a profit from his sale of hytritium?
What, what are you?
What, what's that?
Whatever I felt in the Groppler's office became very uncomfortable.
Whatever I was when this began, I have grown.
Whatever comes, we will keep it alive as a symbol of our survival.
Whatever else I may be to you, I am your friend.
Whatever else he might have done, he made her very happy.
Whatever equipment you need will be brought to you there.
Whatever game you want to play will have to wait until tomorrow.
Whatever happened to Mister Xelo?
Whatever happened to your ship may not have been an isolated incident.
Whatever happened, at least you got away before the process took hold.
Whatever happened, we can talk about it.
Whatever happened, we've got to find them.
Whatever happens, however it goes, someone gets hurt.
Whatever has been on your mind all evening long.
Whatever has him is interrupting the transporter beam.
Whatever he's got is obviously not life threatening.
Whatever is happening to me, it's dangerous.
Whatever is out here, we're going to be the first humans to see it.
Whatever is sitting out there without triggering our alarm relays, sir.
Whatever it is I doubt it's designed for our health.
Whatever it is you're doing out there, you've got to stop it.
Whatever it is, I don't want it to affect the Ambassador.
Whatever it is, it wasn't the result of a plasma discharge.
Whatever it is, sir, we seem to be inside it.
Whatever it is, why do you demonstrate it through this confrontation?
Whatever it takes to prove this technology, I'll do it.
Whatever it takes.
Whatever it was it seems something Data doesn't want to tell us about.
Whatever it was, it's beyond our technology.
Whatever it's doing it intends to continue.
Whatever kind of life form Anya is, emotionally she's Salia's mother.
Whatever may happen, it is imperative that it proceed naturally.
Whatever occurs to you.
Whatever pleases you.
Whatever resources we can provide are yours.
Whatever term you want to use, we're it.
Whatever that freighter was carrying, they certainly didn't want it to reach us.
Whatever the explanation, it will not bring back a valued and trusted officer.
Whatever the hell it is, I can take it.
Whatever the object or vessel in orbit with us, it hangs there like a nemesis.
Whatever the problem, we'll handle it up here.
Whatever the results, we know you've done your best, Picard.
Whatever their mission was, once they see a Federation target, they'll attack.
Whatever they are, Troi's convinced they're human.
Whatever they want.
Whatever they'd like, of course!
Whatever they're using, our shields can't stand up to it much longer.
Whatever this symbol represents, it could be for us a means to control her.
Whatever this thing does, it must feel pretty good.
Whatever turned the crew into children turned these plants into seedlings.
Whatever we saw must act like a sentry to try to guard the fountain.
Whatever we try, Junior responds by sucking up more energy.
Whatever you are, your actions are not welcome.
Whatever you choose will be yours for your lifetime.
Whatever you did, we know it was for a good reason.
Whatever you do, do it quickly.
Whatever you do, stay quiet.
Whatever you have to say to me, can be said in front of her.
Whatever you need from him, you'd better get it soon.
Whatever you say, Captain.
Whatever you wanted from Jameson isn't possible any more.
Whatever you wish, dear.
Whatever your motives, you've already done enough to damage these negotiations.
Whatever your records say, they're wrong.
Whatever's blocking our scanners will prevent the use of the transporters.
Whatever's going on.
Whatever's pulling us sure isn't in a hurry.
Whatever's wrong, whatever happened, I want you to know that I believe you.
When Admiral Kennelly calls, I'll speak to him in my Ready room.
When Bractor closes in, we'll hit our warp drive and take our chances.
When Cardassia realises they can't intimidate us into leaving our colonies.
When Counsellor Troi is unhappy, she usually eats something chocolate.
When Data speaks for me, can you hear my anguish, my despair?
When Gomtuu had no one left to care for, it no longer had a reason to exist.
When Gowron begins his attack, then we will make our move.
When I am bigger, can I be on your ship?
When I am given orders, I follow them, but I do not like secrets.
When I came to, it was about three days ago.
When I closed my eyes at night, I could hear her whispering my name.
When I couldn't build a fire.
When I feel angry, first I feel hostile.
When I first creating this invasive programme I didn't have a problem with it.
When I first saw you, I felt as if I'd been waiting for you.
When I got there he told me that he knows.
When I have plucked the rose, I cannot give it vital growth again.
When I heard your name, I merely accessed the foreign language bank.
When I inform the Captain how serious the situation is, I'm sure he'll agree.
When I left, you said you'd never be complete without me.
When I look at my patient, I don't see a collective consciousness.
When I prosecuted you in the Stargazer court martial, I was doing my job.
When I pulled you from the plasma stream, you seemed surprised I was alive.
When I read that, I knew that I had found my Number One.
When I realised nothing could be done for her, I built an android.
When I realised the paradox.
When I return I will devise a method to eradicate them.
When I return, I'll have Governor Vagh with me.
When I said Jack and I, I felt this sudden wave of something.
When I said breakfast, I heard you say, I hate that.
When I sat down at the console, it triggered a response like I had been trapped.
When I saw the smoke, I couldn't help but cough.
When I say answer it, I mean respond to it, to them.
When I start firing, you better do your part.
When I stroke the beard thusly, do I not appear more intellectual?
When I tried to contact her telepathically, I heard a voice calling out to me.
When I tried to contact the ship, I couldn't get through the interference.
When I used it before, what happened?
When I wake up, I feel exhausted.
When I want to sleep, he wants to wake up.
When I want you on your knees, I'll let you know.
When I was a boy, my family visited Glamis Castle in Scotland.
When I was a child, I took music lessons, too.
When I was a child, younger than you, I lost my parents, my family, my people.
When I was a kid, I used to look up to you guys.
When I was a kid, I'd worry about swatting a mosquito.
When I was alone, humans helped me.
When I was down there, it was so real.
When I was growing up, I never gave much thought to all the talk about borhyas.
When I was in the nacelle room I had an empathic experience.
When I was little, he brought my father's body home to us.
When I was on Klavdia Three, all I could think of was leaving that isolation.
When I was seventeen I went on safari with my uncle.
When I was very young and afraid of monsters under my bed, he'd play for me.
When I was your age, my own father he wasn't there for me.
When I'm finished, this is where I'd like to serve, sir.
When I'm ready, Mister Riker, I'll want to speak with you.
When Maylor died, Alkar turned immediately to Deanna.
When Noonian decided to try again, I was very much against it.
When Professor Manheim's name was mentioned, you reacted with intense emotion.
When Tin Man returned me to the Enterprise, I realised this is where I belong.
When a human looks at you, he does not see himself.
When a machination is real, no one knows about it.
When a metamorph finds you interesting, do not take it lightly.
When addressing a senior officer.
When all else fails, do it yourself.
When am I to be presented?
When an old fighter like me dies someone always steps forward to take his place.
When as I have some, I'll let you know.
When can that be arranged?
When can we get started?
When can we go over the shuttle flight operations?
When can you begin the process?
When can you correct the problem?
When can you start?
When communications went out, I knew we had to fend for ourselves.
When death takes one of their loved ones, they are as helpless as we are.
When did I have a chance?
When did all this happen?
When did he arrive?
When did it first start to happen?
When did they leave?
When did this start?
When did you first become aware of them?
When did you last time you look in on the Antedean guests?
When did you start backing away from a good fight?
When do I get you back?
When do we begin?
When do we leave?
When do we start?
When do you leave?
When do you think that will be?
When do you want to leave?
When does our next window open up, Mister Data?
When exactly did you feel this other emotion?
When has justice ever been as simple as a rulebook?
When he breaks me out of this tin can, the gravedigger'll be working overtime.
When he cooperates, he gets fed.
When he died I realised even he couldn't make all the monsters go away.
When he faces execution!
When he finds out he'll be furious.
When he first came to live with me, he knew nothing of our ways.
When he put up the shields, sir.
When he raised his hand, I saw that it was webbed.
When he reaches this point, he will be within range.
When he returned, all three of them were gone.
When he sent for you to his office, he didn't have to ask what you'd done.
When he touches it, it will strike out in many directions, including yours.
When he was a boy, he would disappear for days into the mountains.
When he's in here, he wants to be treated like a civilian.
When he's not turning, he's kicking and punching.
When he's ready, we'll know.
When his family was killed, how did he take it?
When in Rome, eh?
When in doubt, surprise them.
When in where, sir?
When is he expected to arrive?
When is my mother arriving?
When is today's transport?
When it becomes clear what the Cardassians have done, I will be vindicated.
When it comes to human brains, they are less efficient.
When it comes to this ship and this crew, you're damned right I play it safe.
When it comes, you fire and draw it away.
When it doesn't interfere with my duties, Remmick.
When it happens I experience a momentary disorientation.
When it occurs, it proceeds rapidly.
When it rises.
When it was all over, I requested that she be assigned to the Enterprise.
When it was brought here was it stripped of material, armament, sensors?
When it's gone, it's gone.
When it's over?
When least expected.
When my foster brother and I were of age, we entered the Starfleet Academy.
When my ship's Doctor investigated it, she discovered what you had done.
When my visor cut out in the cargo bay, I had a weird feeling too.
When not to duck would be more accurate.
When one is in the penalty box, tears are permitted.
When one of us dies that way it diminishes all of us.
When our children are young, they don't understand what might be dangerous.
When reason fails, you'll resort to blackmail.
When relieved of its bulk, the Enterprise becomes an exceptional weapon.
When she comes aboard take her into custody.
When she left to become head of Starfleet Medical.
When that happens, the particle stream is going to flood this entire station.
When the Borg destroyed my world, my people scattered throughout the universe.
When the Enterprise comes back tomorrow, we'll get a crew started on that.
When the Federation and the Klingon Empire were still at war.
When the Ferengi matter is settled.
When the Yamato was probed, where was she?
When the creature is here, the field weakens.
When the crewmember walked in, I felt very self-conscious.
When the defences go down, they'll come in.
When the field penetrated the hull, it also began to affect the shuttle's crew.
When the first soldiers returned to Angosia, they had trouble.
When the government couldn't stop the violence, they gave us police powers.
When the last shift occurred in Sickbay, we did not have any children.
When the lift got to the top, there was no one on it.
When the moment came to make a decision, you made the right one.
When the ship arrives, we'll be ready to leave.
When the ship went back into a higher orbit, the beings were trapped.
When the storms first came to our village, many of us were ready to die.
When the sun went down, the temperature really dropped.
When the tachyon pulse used.
When the time comes, I want you to kill Galen.
When the time comes, I would like to pilot the shuttle.
When the time comes, they will follow me.
When the time comes, you will, Wesley.
When the torpedoes explode, these areas will be contaminated with ion radiation.
When the train comes in, everybody rides.
When the umbilical splits, we should regain primary control, do you agree?
When they arrive, Tokath will explain it to them.
When they come out of stasis, they'll be very hungry.
When they decide to come, they're going to come in force.
When they decided to remain on Earth, what was the reaction in the Q Continuum?
When they failed to check in, Starfleet began an extensive search.
When they find us, I will be dead, killed by your weapon.
When they go to warp speed, their engines will explode.
When they hurt, I hurt.
When they knocked him down, one of them took out a weapon and fired.
When they realise, your escape route may be compromised.
When they rebuilt the city, they simply built over the tunnels.
When they stop us, do you want me to say anything?
When they're around, I have to be invisible.
When this indicator lights up, it means that we've locked onto your location.
When this is over, we'll celebrate.
When was it detected?
When was that?
When was the last attempt made?
When was the last time you saw her?
When was the last time you saw him?
When was the last time you went surfing, Commander?
When we approached it, it emitted a massive verteron pulse.
When we are finished here, I will perform a self-diagnostic.
When we are ready, the only message you should attempt to convey is, now.
When we arrive at the Starbase, I will make every effort to find him.
When we arrive at the pulsar, I shall require everyone at their best.
When we awoke, we were prisoners, unarmed and shackled.
When we changed course I had to re-lock phasers before I could fire.
When we finally made it here, we thought we'd died and gone to heaven.
When we first met you said I looked familiar.
When we found Jono, it seemed so clear what had to be done.
When we found you, you were dying.
When we get a break, maybe you could fill me in on some of them.
When we get another window in the storms.
When we get closer to his time, he may be able to.
When we got married, I made the mistake of picking them up a few times.
When we inform the Klingon High Council, they will put you to a slow death.
When we learned Alexander was to come to live with us, we were so happy.
When we locate the T'Ong, there are two possibilities.
When we reach the Kaleb sector, we will rendezvous with a Corvallen freighter.
When we saw it this time, he seemed to be struggling, fighting it.
When we take a reading of that spot.
When we were suffering from such things as the common cold.
When we're better prepared.
When we're done here, we'll run a full diagnostic on the transporter, all right?
When we're not moving toward the water, the wave pattern stays low.
When we're through here, re-check the sensor logs.
When were you on Jaros?
When were you telling me about that?
When were you there?
When will I see him again?
When will I see you again?
When will the emissaries arrive?
When will the good Captain revive them?
When will we start a family?
When will you let go?
When will you return?
When will you start living this life?
When would be a good time to discuss them?
When would you leave?
When you and the woman vanished, I was sure you were dead.
When you are assimilated, you will have a similar device.
When you are ready, I will still be here.
When you did not return to the shuttle I intended to track you.
When you didn't show up on time in Engineering, I got worried.
When you divided the deck to reshuffle, you kept that card on top.
When you figure it out, you'll understand command.
When you get back to Earth, you can go and see him.
When you get there, start accessing the codes for the security tracking system.
When you get those systems going, try to pull up the personnel files.
When you get to be my age, you will understand.
When you have completed these tests, what will be done with us?
When you have finished here, survey in that direction.
When you join a cadre, you join for life.
When you leave this office, who are you?
When you lie or steal, you not only dishonour yourself, but your family.
When you light yours, you will be declaring your intention to become a warrior.
When you made those noises, the workmen reacted in pain.
When you put that chip back in, she will wake up and remember nothing.
When you say Commander you say it like you say Sovereign to Marouk.
When you say it wants you, do you mean it's still you, only you, and not me.
When you see it, do you hear any sounds?
When you sent me on this mission, I thought that I could do it.
When you sleep, there are no other voices in your mind?
When you spoke of the prisoners, you used the term revolutionary.
When you tell the truth, you never have to remember later what you lied about.
When you think about it, why would she want to lie?
When you were a child, did you have any friends?
When you were here last, you were saying that you were feeling tired.
When you're ready to come home, you will be welcome.
When you're ready to work, why don't you give me a call.
When you're ready, coordinate with Mister Data.
When you've been through what we have, you tend to get inside someone.
When you've gone.
When you've reached a conclusion, you can contact us.
When you've settled in, we can complete our briefing.
When your family moved out into the galaxy, I moved with them.
When your father was in Starfleet, I always had to make sure that
When your pa comes, we will be ready for him.
When's your deadline, boy?
Whenever I get insomnia, I try to perfect the recipe.
Whenever I look at you now, I won't see a powerful Cardassian warrior.
Whenever Starfleet gets enigmatic, I know we're about to face a challenge.
Whenever you say, sir.
Whenever you're ready, Chief.
Whenever you're ready, Data.
Whenever.
Where I come from, every historian knows the bridge of old 1701D.
Where I come from, people are free to come and go as they choose.
Where Lieutenant Worf is now.
Where am I going to get the opti-cable?
Where am I supposed to be?
Where am I, Number One?
Where are it's creators?
Where are my officers?
Where are my quarters, Will?
Where are my weapons?
Where are the Bynars?
Where are the Klingons?
Where are the Romulans?
Where are the calluses we doctors are supposed to grow over our feelings?
Where are the legs?
Where are the other Klingons?
Where are the other survivors, Mister Ramsey?
Where are the other two?
Where are the people of Minos?
Where are they going?
Where are they trying to do it?
Where are we going now?
Where are we going to go, Ethan?
Where are we now?
Where are we, Ensign?
Where are we, Mister La Forge?
Where are you Worf?
Where are you living now?
Where are you supposed to be?
Where are you taking the child?
Where are your parents now?
Where are your replicators?
Where are your security men?
Where could they have run into a dispersion field?
Where did I come from?
Where did he come from?
Where did he go?
Where did it go?
Where did it originate?
Where did that come from?
Where did these nodes come from?
Where did they do it the first time?
Where did they get their shields?
Where did this come from?
Where did you find him, Lursa?
Where did you get it?
Where did you get these eggs?
Where did you hear that?
Where do I stay?
Where do they say?
Where do we find them?
Where do you live?
Where do you suppose he's from?
Where do you think he's headed?
Where do you want to go?
Where does it end, Worf?
Where else would I be?
Where exactly do you come from?
Where has he gone?
Where have they taken her?
Where have they taken my son?
Where have you been Rashella?
Where have you been living here?
Where in Switzerland did you say you were from, Mister Data?
Where is Bok?
Where is Commander Riker?
Where is Data now?
Where is Deanna?
Where is Lal now?
Where is Mister Albert at this point?
Where is Mister Barclay?
Where is Palmer?
Where is Q?
Where is eight oh six?
Where is everyone else?
Where is everyone?
Where is he, Picard?
Where is it coming from?
Where is it now, Mister Data?
Where is it supposed to be?
Where is it taking us?
Where is my logic?
Where is my security chief!
Where is my wife?
Where is no arrival date on file for any such individual.
Where is she now?
Where is she, Q?
Where is that Klingon pilot?
Where is that?
Where is the Captain of this ship?
Where is the Captain, please?
Where is the anomaly?
Where is the boy now?
Where is the information being sent now?
Where is the science officer?
Where is the scientific officer?
Where is this Commander Riker now?
Where is this Corvallen now?
Where is this new land?
Where is this planet?
Where is this?
Where is your Captain?
Where is your automobile now?
Where is your documentation?
Where is your mother?
Where most of the major conduits are routed.
Where none have gone before.
Where on the Enterprise could you generate a phased ionic pulse?
Where she will remain unharmed unless one of you merits a penalty.
Where that ship of yours is.
Where the dishonoured go when they die.
Where the hell did he come from?
Where the hell is he?
Where the hell was I headed?
Where there's mountains, there's shelter.
Where they are now?
Where they belong, Mother, Right under you.
Where to now?
Where was Lieutenant Kwan's station?
Where was Riker's last known location?
Where was it in the Captain's quarters, Mister Worf?
Where was ship's Security?
Where was your daughter?
Where we are, where we were, and where we will be.
Where were the people you were with?
Where were they standing?
Where were you hatched, anyway?
Where were you last night between ten and midnight?
Where were you manufactured?
Where were you?
Where will I find Commander Data?
Where will I go now, Lwaxana?
Where will that take us, Mister La Forge?
Where will we get the trace pattern?
Where women are concerned, I am in complete control.
Where would he go?
Where would it be coming from?
Where would the Captain be?
Where would we find him other than on the floor of the Romulan Senate?
Where would you say we are now, sir?
Where you go from there is your business.
Where you will complete the negotiations and sign the treaty.
Where you're from, what your interests are, your last name.
Where'd everybody go?
Where'd he go?
Where'd it go?
Where'd you get that idea?
Where'd you get that?
Where're you fellows off to?
Where's Barclay?
Where's Carmen?
Where's Commander Leijten?
Where's Deanna?
Where's K'mtar?
Where's Lieutenant Barclay?
Where's Pomet?
Where's Riker?
Where's Ro?
Where's Takenta?
Where's Vash?
Where's Voval?
Where's Worf?
Where's he now?
Where's it from?
Where's its mother ship?
Where's my boy?
Where's that Doctor, anyway?
Where's that cat of yours?
Where's that sonic driver?
Where's the Drake?
Where's the ODN interface?
Where's the difference, Timicin?
Where's the main shuttlebay?
Where's the malfunction?
Where's the money he was talking about?
Where's the rest of it?
Where's the schematic reactor assembly?
Where's the ship now?
Where's the victory winning a battle you can't possibly lose?
Where's the waiter?
Where's your adventurous spirit, your imagination.
Where's your crew?
Where's your mommy?
Where's your stubbornness now, Picard, your arrogance?
Whereas others take a simpler approach.
Whereas you, of course, have a nobler purpose in mind.
Wherever did you inherit such pedestrian genes?
Wherever he has gone, we wish him well.
Wherever here is.
Wherever they come from, they seem to be multiplying.
Wherever they may go, the shining light to guide them through their fortune.
Wherever we are, it seems to have no effect on Engineering.
Wherever you go, you create chaos.
Wherever you're from, while you're in my town, keep your nose clean.
Whether Wes succeeds or fails, he will learn from the experience.
Whether it was an empathic echo left by Kwan's death.
Whether it was the whole idea, or just being accused of it, I can't tell.
Whether it's scientific truth, or historical truth, or personal truth.
Whether or not I might have something to contribute.
Whether or not I see Wesley is for me to decide.
Whether or not it can be justified.
Whether they succeed or not, the Enterprise-C will be destroyed.
Whether to try to force them back or welcome them home.
Whether we approve of the Zalkonians' intentions is not the issue.
Whether we do it now or later, the risk is the same.
Whether you believe in your spirit or not, we believe in it.
Whether you like it or not, Data does have rights.
Which Commander Data is following.
Which I once heard, but never understood.
Which aspects are you referring to?
Which begins to explain what happened.
Which brings up a very serious possibility.
Which brought me back to Reyga's body.
Which caused a plasma explosion similar to the one on the science ship.
Which confirms the feeling of duality that I sensed earlier in both of them.
Which control keys?
Which could indicate a base or a ship.
Which could mean they can shield their thoughts and emotions from others.
Which creates a piezoelectric effect.
Which creates a very difficult problem for the Enterprise.
Which do you believe, sir?
Which do you suppose he's going to want to hear first?
Which doesn't mean as much as it used to, I admit.
Which explains the Ferengi's interest.
Which explains why Data could be left outside in no danger from that creature.
Which had a terrestrial launch date of July 23rd, 2037.
Which has to do with another law that we must obey.
Which he could not have done had he been returned to me with the others!
Which husband?
Which is in your favour, men so often being irrational and egotistical.
Which is precisely why I chose an alternate identity here.
Which is the nearest Starfleet vessel?
Which is to say, more like ours.
Which is understandable, and healthy.
Which is used in our construction.
Which is very likely why they chose this moon for their base of operations.
Which is what everyone will know very shortly.
Which is where exactly?
Which is why I have called you.
Which is why I must see them.
Which is why it is imperative that he be allowed to conserve his strength.
Which is why it is not an end.
Which is why the recon scouts missed it.
Which job?
Which kind of makes me your grandfather, doesn't it sonny?
Which leaves me back where I started.
Which led to the rule guilty until proven innocent.
Which made you and me possible, brother.
Which makes it important to know which of these weapons are to be used.
Which may suggest some kind of awareness of our presence.
Which means exactly what?
Which means from now on you can call me sir.
Which means his father probably does also.
Which means maybe something was wrong with him.
Which means something new has happened.
Which means that this might be a rotational time reference.
Which means the ship will explode.
Which means there's still time for us to do something.
Which means they desperately need the vaccine, sir.
Which means we lack the ability to respond, sir.
Which means, of course-
Which means?
Which members of the crew could have accomplished that?
Which might be in ten, maybe fifteen years.
Which no doubt you sold for a very impressive profit.
Which now has access to twenty fourth century knowledge.
Which occurred just in time to save the ship?
Which of these would look best on me naked?
Which one is it?
Which one is the closest one to the debris coordinates?
Which one of them is real?
Which one of them was it?
Which one struck you?
Which planet?
Which programme is running?
Which reports do not conflict?
Which requires I now ask you a very serious question.
Which sector?
Which seem to be working again, for the moment anyway.
Which sensor clusters?
Which ship?
Which suggests that he wasn't.
Which suggests that the crew had been in cryogenic sleep for that long journey.
Which teams are missing?
Which under most circumstances would be unconscionable.
Which unit?
Which was done.
Which we know is ours.
Which will bring us to the colony in three point two hours, sir.
Which won't be that easy.
Which would affect how this works.
Which would infect the entire Collective.
Which would leave no one on duty here.
Which would require extreme precision from the probe controls.
Which would require the Enterprise to go through the wave.
Which would seem to confirm our suspicion.
Which would still contain the DNA.
Which would suggest they also have the ability to communicate with us.
Which would suggest what?
Which you asked the computer to provide.
Which you could do, Doctor, but it's beaucoup trouble if you're wrong.
Which you destroyed, sir.
Which you do very well.
Which you're now free to develop.
Which your world furnishes you in plenty.
Which, for a few hours, should provide the emotional control you need.
Which, leaves us with only one conclusion.
Which, of course, requires something totally disastrous if you lose.
While I am gone, please give careful thought to your situation.
While I am in this form, I know only about this world.
While I was reading.
While I was there I saw many things, talked to many animals, many spirits.
While another more liberal attitude would allow the child enormous freedom.
While evading even our simplest questions about it.
While she was asleep.
While the others were doing what they could, I chose not to fight.
While these things are being checked, permission to leave the Bridge, sir.
While they arrange for the Rutian police to fill up the detention cells.
While they may be meaningless to us, to Debin they represent his honour.
While we are doing that, your Captain is dying.
While we were on Gemaris, he ate sparingly and slept even less.
While we're at it, this isn't part of any human future.
While you are accused, you will not be allowed combat.
While you're at it, run a localised subspace scan to look for anything unusual.
Whiskey.
White cell count is elevated, six tenths of a degree of temperature.
White count is back up, temperature is elevated.
White count is elevated.
White dwarf stars are the only natural sources of vertions, sir.
Whither wander you?
Who I am today, I will be forever.
Who accuses me of stealing?
Who am I?
Who are not here.
Who are these people?
Who are they talking about?
Who are within their rights to demand the removal of these trespassers.
Who are you people?
Who are you to tell us what we should do?
Who are you?
Who are your neighbours?
Who asks the question?
Who authorised a launch?
Who built it?
Who built you, Commander?
Who can resist an offer like that?
Who can say where?
Who cares for motives?
Who could vanish like smoke?
Who counsels the Counsellor?
Who deleted them?
Who deserted you?
Who did this to him?
Who did this to you?
Who did you intend to send, sir?
Who did?
Who do you need sanctuary from?
Who do you think gave it to Guinan?
Who do you think you're bullying?
Who does he think he is, giving me orders.
Who does he think he is?
Who does?
Who else are you going to fight with if not your friends?
Who else could have corrected it, Wes?
Who else is on it?
Who else would have charged to my rescue?
Who else would they send to greet me but the Captain?
Who gave that command?
Who gave them the right to decide whether or not I should be here?
Who has done this?
Who has?
Who have you been talking to?
Who here knows the story of how this sword was forged?
Who is Hedril?
Who is Masaka?
Who is Riva?
Who is here with you?
Who is it, Lieutenant?
Who is responsible?
Who is she?
Who is speaking?
Who is that man sitting over there?
Who is the Custodian?
Who is this?
Who is to know?
Who is to say that this history is any less proper than the other?
Who is to say that what we did was wrong?
Who is your first competitor?
Who isn't?
Who killed him?
Who knows how many tissue samples were stolen.
Who knows what an obsessed man will do to keep going?
Who knows what could happen with a transporter or a magnetic capacitor?
Who knows what the future will be now that you have disrupted time?
Who knows what we might learn from this?
Who knows, we could all end up that way some day.
Who knows.
Who knows?
Who left you alone, rejected.
Who meets the challenge?
Who needs rational when your toes curl up?
Who reported to the Bridge from this group?
Who said anything about punishing?
Who said these moments were any less exciting when you know the outcome?
Who says I'm looking for anybody?
Who sent these signals?
Who sent you here to look for me?
Who shall it be?
Who should be sacrificed to save a thousand!
Who the hell are these people?
Who the hell is it?
Who think nothing of murdering innocent people.
Who used the beacon?
Who wants them?
Who wants to risk execution?
Who was on transporter duty when he came aboard?
Who was responsible?
Who was she?
Who was that?
Who was the last person to speak with her?
Who was the traitor?
Who was this man?
Who were in danger?
Who were these aliens?
Who will hear it from light years away?
Who will it be?
Who will make the first gesture of trust?
Who would cause devastation on that order?
Who would have ever guessed that instead of ice, there is fire.
Who would have expected a teary farewell?
Who would have thought we'd see him laugh out loud like that?
Who would want to imprison a child?
Who would you be?
Who'll be in command of the Enterprise?
Who's Hedril, mother?
Who's Vigo?
Who's behind this thing?
Who's behind this, and to what purpose?
Who's commanding this fleet?
Who's doing this to you?
Who's getting married?
Who's going to come and kill everyone?
Who's going to stop them?
Who's got control of the computer?
Who's in charge here?
Who's in charge of Engineering?
Who's losing?
Who's manning the command post?
Who's stopping her?
Who's the captain of this ship?
Who's the doll?
Who's the duty officer?
Who's the father?
Who's the stranger?
Who's them?
Who's transferred the voice authorisation?
Who's we?
Who's with me?
Who's your superior officer?
Who, Captain?
Who, as you pointed out, was quite correct.
Who, sir?
Whoa!
Whoa, this is incredible.
Whoa, wait a minute.
Whoa, whoa, Reg.
Whoa, whoa, right there.
Whoa, whoa, wait a minute, it's okay.
Whoa.
Whoever did this could still be on the ship.
Whoever had something to gain from his death.
Whoever he is, he's still in stasis.
Whoever it was sent that thing was more than simply curious.
Whoever may be there.
Whoever or whatever did this is more powerful than either of us.
Whoever tampered with your personal log was clever.
Whoever they are, it seems they're carefully avoiding hitting the station.
Whoever they are, they're in a big hurry to get here.
Whoever took your place wasn't afraid of Masaka.
Whoever you are, wherever you're from, greetings.
Whoever you are, yes!
Whoever you are, you are not Kahless.
Whoever you are, you just ruined four hours of work.
Whoever you are, you must have found out about Juliana.
Whole generations of disposable people.
Whom I've killed?
Whom do you propose we sacrifice next?
Whoo wee, that was a close one, wasn't it?
Whooey!
Whoops.
Whose behaviour do you find more perplexing?
Whose emotions were they?
Whose shadow is that?
Why Darthen?
Why Data?
Why I wanted to chase you from Rana.
Why Starfleet?
Why Tasha?
Why Vandor?
Why a shuttlecraft?
Why all the mystery?
Why am I me instead of someone else?
Why am I not affected by Sarek's supposed condition?
Why am I self aware?
Why am I sentient?
Why am I?
Why angry?
Why are humans so fascinated by old things?
Why are the backups not functioning?
Why are they arguing?
Why are they doing it now?
Why are they dying?
Why are they in hiding?
Why are they laughing?
Why are they leaving?
Why are they so certain it's a god?
Why are they still here?
Why are we at General quarters?
Why are we gaining on them?
Why are we intentionally damaging the shuttlecraft?
Why are we pursuing the Entity, if not to destroy it?
Why are we risking our lives taking these artefacts?
Why are we speaking?
Why are we still in orbit?
Why are you asking me about this?
Why are you bothering to try, Counsellor?
Why are you coming with me to Starbase Five One Five, sir?
Why are you contacting me on this frequency?
Why are you crying, Kareen?
Why are you doing this, Kamala?
Why are you doing this, risking your life to help Starfleet?
Why are you fighting me?
Why are you here without your guards?
Why are you here, Commander Riker?
Why are you here, Klingon, with them?
Why are you hesitating?
Why are you ignoring the one emotion you've already experienced?
Why are you keeping me locked in this freighter?
Why are you looking at all these other cultures?
Why are you on this comm.
Why are you safe?.
Why are you so alarmed when I've gone to such trouble to look just like you?
Why are you so hard on yourself?
Why are you still here?
Why are you suddenly being so helpful?
Why are you taking the brick there?
Why are you talking like that?
Why are you telling me this?
Why are you trying to keep me here?
Why aren't the shields at full power?
Why aren't these registering?
Why aren't they answering?
Why aren't they working?
Why aren't we all being interrogated?
Why aren't we warping out of here?
Why aren't you in your dress uniform for Admiral Quinn's farewell dinner?
Why aren't you trying to make yourself angry again?
Why assume he's doing it that to get the job?
Why asylum?
Why bring the Enterprise all the way home?
Why can't I fall for somebody like you.
Why can't I make anything work with a woman like Christi?
Why can't I stay with you?
Why can't I?
Why can't he leave?
Why can't we go around it?
Why can't you believe that?
Why can't you do that?
Why can't you get out?
Why can't you just comply?
Why can't you turn your disadvantage into an advantage?
Why can't you understand?
Why can't you?
Why certain combinations of words and actions make humans laugh.
Why continue to search for perfection once you have found it?
Why couldn't you have listened?
Why did I invite you here?
Why did I look away?
Why did he do that, Data?
Why did he do this?
Why did he start coughing when he went through the gasses?
Why did it happen?
Why did it have to be her?
Why did she leave the shelter?
Why did that mutiny happen?
Why did that plasma conduit explode?
Why did that rather attractive woman strike you just now?
Why did they steal the ship and bring it here?
Why did we have to come so early?
Why did you accept discommendation from the High Council?
Why did you allow it to happen?
Why did you and Riker take Palmer from us?
Why did you attack us?
Why did you attempt to fire on us?
Why did you begin by attacking us?
Why did you bring us here?
Why did you choose to study the concepts of authority and leadership?
Why did you come to Tagus Three?
Why did you create me?
Why did you decide to become a Commander?
Why did you delete parts of your journal?
Why did you destroy that vessel?
Why did you do that, Data?
Why did you do that, Mother?
Why did you fire?
Why did you interfere with what she was doing?
Why did you judge my father guilty when you knew he was not?
Why did you leave the Earth and come to a brand new planet when you did?
Why did you lie to me?
Why did you lure me to the holodeck and hold me there.
Why did you not return to the Potemkin with the others?
Why did you not tell me?
Why did you not?
Why did you release us?
Why did you risk your life to lead it personally?
Why did you steal my ship?
Why did you stop me?
Why did you tell them that I'd left?
Why did you tell them where to find us?
Why did you treat Commander Riker so disrespectfully?
Why did you try to hide this from all of us?
Why did you want to recreate this?
Why did you worry us like that?
Why didn't I hear anything about a launching?
Why didn't I see it coming?
Why didn't anybody tell him?
Why didn't our sensors alert us?
Why didn't the containment field hold?
Why didn't they just ask for help?
Why didn't they say something?
Why didn't we detect it before?
Why didn't we detect this before now?
Why didn't we do this a long time ago?
Why didn't we do this six years ago?
Why didn't we notice it before?
Why didn't we suffered the same fate?
Why didn't you break a few rules?
Why didn't you come to meet me that last day in Paris?
Why didn't you contact Doctor Selar when you saw that he was beginning to go?
Why didn't you continue to fire on the Enterprise when their shields dropped?
Why didn't you detect this before?
Why didn't you ever say anything?
Why didn't you ever say so?
Why didn't you ever tell me you were in love with me?
Why didn't you give it a more human look, Data?
Why didn't you just ask for our help?
Why didn't you just fix me?
Why didn't you just have Doctor Pulaski perform the operation?
Why didn't you just take me apart again and be done with it?
Why didn't you let us know about it?
Why didn't you mention this earlier?
Why didn't you report it?
Why didn't you report this?
Why didn't you say so?
Why didn't you tell me, Mark?
Why didn't you tell us this?
Why didn't you warn him before the attack was made?
Why didn't you warn me?
Why discount the possibility that it's responsible for these comas?
Why do I feel so frightened?
Why do I get the distinct impression you're acting like some kind of escort?
Why do I get the feeling that this is a set-up?
Why do I get the feeling that you already know me?
Why do I still have a phaser?
Why do I think you're upset?
Why do captains always act like they're immortal?
Why do doctors always say the obvious as though it's a revelation?
Why do get the feeling this was not the time to join this ship?
Why do peaceful people develop such lethal weapons?
Why do these men want you?
Why do they have to decide right!
Why do they not talk to each other?
Why do they want with me?
Why do we have to go down to the surface?
Why do we have two hands?
Why do we need to?
Why do we tell our children such ghastly stories?
Why do you always say no when I say yes?
Why do you argue all the time?
Why do you attempt deception?
Why do you call me that?
Why do you care about what we do?
Why do you care?
Why do you come before us, Commander?
Why do you distrust me so?
Why do you do this?
Why do you doubt your senses?
Why do you have all this anger toward me?
Why do you have to be so nice?
Why do you have yellow eyes?
Why do you hold us?
Why do you keep disappearing like that?
Why do you keep interfering with our lives, Captain?
Why do you mock me?
Why do you need my help in this?
Why do you now protect your former target?
Why do you pack them?
Why do you resist us?
Why do you reveal yourselves to us now?
Why do you say that, Mister Data?
Why do you sound so surprised, Mister O'Brien?
Why do you suppose that is?
Why do you suspect us, Captain?
Why do you take orders from a female?
Why do you think he attacked you?
Why do you think that?
Why do you use other lifeforms for recreation?
Why do you walk away?
Why do you want them back so badly?
Why do you want to know so much about my ship?
Why do you want to know?
Why do you wish to anger me?
Why does a boxer box?
Why does a mosquito bite your ear?
Why does a painter paint?
Why does he want me dead?
Why does it bother you?
Why does it frighten you, Holmes?
Why does it have to be me?
Why does that make me nervous?
Why does the Federation ally itself with the Rutians?
Why does the Prytt want Captain Picard and Doctor Crusher?
Why does the scanner read her as a human?
Why doesn't he do something?
Why doesn't your ship come back with us?
Why don't I find a place to put these.
Why don't I get everyone another round of drinks?
Why don't I just start dinner, okay?
Why don't I take Clara?
Why don't I talk to her about that.
Why don't we both get some sleep and start again tomorrow morning.
Why don't we call it Sutter's Cloud?
Why don't we find out what else we have in common.
Why don't we find out.
Why don't we get acquainted?
Why don't we get him to Sickbay.
Why don't we get this over with?
Why don't we go for a walk?
Why don't we just beam the children up through the hole?
Why don't we just give everybody a promotion and call it a night, Commander?
Why don't we play a little game?
Why don't we set up in Engineering.
Why don't we settle this now?
Why don't we start with something a little simpler.
Why don't we start with this.
Why don't we take a break for tonight?
Why don't we talk for a while?
Why don't we use Riker?
Why don't we wait and see who comes out on top.
Why don't we work on that guidance system, okay?
Why don't we, Admiral?
Why don't you accept your fate?
Why don't you answer my questions?
Why don't you ask Maques to do it?
Why don't you bring us all up to speed on your findings so far.
Why don't you come back later on.
Why don't you describe it?
Why don't you do it by yourself?
Why don't you do it?
Why don't you do something about it?
Why don't you enjoy a drink with your friends?
Why don't you get ready for bed and we'll talk about this again in the morning.
Why don't you get some rest.
Why don't you get to the point?
Why don't you give me a hand?
Why don't you go and get it, and then you can read it to your uncle.
Why don't you go back to your painting?
Why don't you go with her and see what the lateral sensors turn up.
Why don't you go with him, Worf?
Why don't you help Farrell check the deuterium cartridges.
Why don't you invite her here?
Why don't you join me in Ten Forward?
Why don't you join us?
Why don't you just let us go?
Why don't you just shut it off?
Why don't you just take this outside.
Why don't you just tell me what you want done and I'll do it.
Why don't you leave her alone?
Why don't you pass me the royal blue.
Why don't you pick up your mythology book and follow along?
Why don't you play something?
Why don't you programme up an artificial dance partner.
Why don't you run this outside, give it to the parking lot attendants.
Why don't you see what happens if you turn yours off.
Why don't you sit at Ops next to Lieutenant La Forge.
Why don't you start by downloading the ship's science logs over there.
Why don't you take a trip yourself and find out?
Why don't you tell me what you do remember, and then I'll fill in the gaps.
Why don't you try a berylite scan?
Why don't you try it and find out?
Why don't you try, Jake?
Why else would he be willing to sacrifice his career rather than tell the truth?
Why else would there be no record of the mission?
Why else would they have put the pieces in our DNA?
Why entire outposts on both sides have been carried off.
Why hank you.
Why has everything become a something, or a whatever?
Why has it not begun?
Why has this child been held in your custody for so many years?
Why hasn't anybody discovered this before?
Why have I been brought here?
Why have I been brought out of stasis prematurely?
Why have I not been assigned to command a ship in the fleet, sir?
Why have you attacked my vessel?
Why have you been away so long?
Why have you brought us here against our will?
Why have you come here?
Why have you fired on us?
Why have you interfered with us?
Why have you kept it a secret?
Why have you left your own life forms there?
Why have you never mentioned me to your friends?
Why have you not informed the Klingon government of this place?
Why have you penetrated deeper into the Neutral Zone?
Why have you removed our clothing?
Why have you returned to Earth?
Why have you returned?
Why have you stolen these objects?
Why have you suspended the game?
Why have you taken these men prisoner?
Why haven't you told anyone you're an empath?
Why here?
Why in	 the hell would you want to protect them?
Why is Pressman so determined to find your ship twelve years later?
Why is Spot under the bed?
Why is everybody so worried about him?
Why is he making it this difficult to find him?
Why is he unconscious?
Why is it now your answer is an armed raid?
Why is it so hot in here, anyway?
Why is it we maintain watch on a planet that is now totally dead?
Why is no longer important.
Why is our gift to you under power, human?
Why is she forbidden to know what these things are?
Why is she here?
Why is that a concern?
Why is that child here?
Why is the computer creating characters that look like Data?
Why is the obvious choice all of a sudden the right one?
Why is the sky black?
Why is this house a sanctuary?
Why is this mission so important to you?
Why isn't it here now?
Why isn't the anomaly being affected?
Why lie now?
Why must this One destroy biological organisms?
Why must we waste time playing this ridiculous game?
Why not Dixieland?
Why not a day?
Why not a simple, direct explanation, a statement of what you seek?
Why not a year ago or a year from now?
Why not ask his wife if she'd like to attend?
Why not avail ourselves of this opportunity for study?
Why not come with me?
Why not for a homeless entity.
Why not go after them?
Why not go back to your quarters and talk this thing over?
Why not just ask them?
Why not just kill Picard?
Why not just kill it?
Why not just see it in your head?
Why not let everybody die when they die.
Why not make it a little sweeter?
Why not reverse fields on this, Ma'am?
Why not sixty two, or fifty eight?
Why not the one I adjusted to perfect efficiency?
Why not three or four?
Why not try it with the real thing?
Why not, sir?
Why now?
Why oh why would I ever think that.
Why on Earth he ever decided to do this?
Why only six hours?
Why pick a Starfleet cadet?
Why should I be angry?
Why should I expect Amanda to?
Why should I wish to?
Why should anyone still feel however they feel?
Why should anyone wish to expend his time in such a search?
Why should biology rather than technology determine whether it is a child?
Why should he now be unable to deal with this rebellious faction?
Why should it answer?
Why should they use force when we are ready to lay down in fear.
Why should this be any different?
Why should we believe him about Solarion Four?
Why should we believe you?
Why should we go to the Kaleb sector?
Why should we petition to entry to an empire that no longer exists?
Why should you care whether I trust you or not?
Why should you?
Why shouldn't I?
Why shouldn't she?
Why shouldn't we grant them asylum?
Why shouldn't you?
Why sixty?
Why smoke?
Why so slow?
Why take on extra comm.
Why that razor, my friend?
Why that thought?
Why the body suit?
Why the deception?
Why the devil are we be going to this planet?
Why the drop to impulse power, Lieutenant?
Why the guards?
Why the past two years?
Why the sudden concern?
Why this module and not the others?
Why this one specimen and none of the others?
Why this person?
Why this place?
Why tie yourself to that?
Why too late?
Why us?
Why wait?
Why was Doctor Soong so adamant that she not be told?
Why was I never told about this?
Why was I so resistant?
Why was Kahless so mad about the lie his brother told?
Why was he assigned to the Lunar Five facility?
Why was it dangerous?
Why was it not detected earlier?
Why was it punishing you, Groppler?
Why was it so wrong for Morath to run away?
Why was she laughing?
Why was the Talarian ship so far off course?
Why was there a power drain before transport?
Why was your ship combative with another Federation vessel of lesser design?
Why wasn't I affected?
Why wasn't I informed, Mister Castillo?
Why wasn't I notified?
Why wasn't I paying attention?
Why wasn't it dissipated by the weather modification net?
Why were these specific children taken?
Why were we not invited to these negotiations?
Why were you angry at me, Wesley?
Why were you being so mean to me?
Why were you in stasis?
Why were you put in prison?
Why were you so hesitant at first to tell us about the Odin survivors?
Why weren't you the one who died?
Why will not talking or eating make them send us home?
Why won't the Ferengi allow it?
Why won't they stabilise?
Why won't you answer?
Why won't you do this for me?
Why won't you let me have a friend?
Why won't you let me see him?
Why would Apgar lie about his success?
Why would Doctor Rozhenko have waited so long before sending it?
Why would I do that?
Why would I remember?
Why would I want that?
Why would I want to bring you profit?
Why would I want to do that?
Why would I want to go there?
Why would Neral lie?
Why would Riker help us?
Why would anybody want to kill me?
Why would anybody want to pretend to be your mother?
Why would anyone carry such an insane mix of cargo?
Why would anyone go to all this trouble?
Why would anyone use a faulty replacement?
Why would anyone want to steal any of these things?
Why would he do that?
Why would he leave the ship now?
Why would he want to tell us what's to come?
Why would he?
Why would it be, sir?
Why would one of them do this to him?
Why would she have stopped making entries for so long?
Why would she lie like that?
Why would someone do that?
Why would such a man choose to ignore them?
Why would such an advanced thing feel obliged to protect the Edo?
Why would the Romulans be experiencing problems?
Why would the Romulans want to kill me?
Why would there be any visible phenomena outside the drive?
Why would there be trouble?
Why would they attack us?
Why would they be different?
Why would they do that?
Why would they follow you, a Starfleet officer?
Why would they go through the charade of needing our help?
Why would they need a Vulcan ship?
Why would they run into us?
Why would they start out with such a recognisable ploy?
Why would they want to hide something like that inside a comet?
Why would they want to take a Federation hostage?
Why would they wish to be unkind?
Why would three Klingon officers hitch a ride on a broken down freighter?
Why would we ally ourselves with the Prytt?
Why would we be sending them power?
Why would we do that?
Why would we want to repair it?
Why would you accept dishonour to protect Duras?
Why would you ask me to lay aside the honour of my father, my family?
Why would you ask that?
Why would you come aboard at a time like this?
Why would you create this fantasy?
Why would you need to see my personnel file?
Why would you want me to visit you in your quarters?
Why would your real mother want you to go down to the planet?
Why wouldn't I be comfortable?
Why wouldn't I be?
Why wouldn't he just beam over?
Why wouldn't he tell us the truth?
Why wouldn't they?
Why you cannot relent or repent or confess or abstain?
Why you, Picard, of course.
Why you, of course.
Why'd you do that to my friend?
Why'd you lock the door?
Why, Earth.
Why, I'd be delighted, Commander.
Why, Jean-Luc, you really do care about me.
Why, Jean-Luc?
Why, are you interested?
Why, for starting me out on the greatest adventure a man's ever had.
Why, is he coming along?
Why, it's the Stargazer.
Why, thank you, Isabella.
Why, thank you, Mister Hill.
Why, the Echo Papa Six Oh Seven.
Why, the play's the thing.
Why, then I envy you.
Why, there's more of gravy than of grave about you, whatever you are.
Why, they're in such accord that you could weep, my little one.
Why, this is the Royale, of course.
Why, this is wonderful.
Why, to give you a taste of your future, a preview of things to come.
Why, what is this attitude?
Why, why?
Why, yes, he is an extraordinary man.
Why, you'll be living in London afore you know it.
Why, you, of course.
Why?
Widen the area.
Wife?
Wilful, and I don't think you're a particularly good first officer.
Will I ever be able to leave Daled Four?
Will I ever see you again?
Will I see you tomorrow?
Will I soon have a uniform like that, brother?
Will Kayden.
Will Riker and I are good friends.
Will Riker!
Will Riker, you are the best.
Will advise.
Will and I have been talking about going back to Angel Falls.
Will and I, however, are.
Will cancelling the wedding make you happy?
Will do.
Will explode.
Will he also send floods?
Will he be with us?
Will he leave when he sees there's no other choice?
Will he live?
Will he return to the planet?
Will he survive long enough to tell us what he was doing here?
Will he?
Will is going to be all right.
Will it accept the symbol for Masaka's temple?
Will it affect Geordi the same way?
Will it be good enough?
Will it completely suppress my empathic abilities?
Will it survive?
Will it?
Will keep you apprised.
Will must've done something to their weapons.
Will my wife and kids still be waiting for me at home?
Will our quarters be near the Anticans?
Will our ship go now?
Will rot.
Will she live?
Will somebody please get that!
Will someone answer that damn ringing!
Will that be difficult?
Will that be okay?
Will that be sufficient, Doctor?
Will that cause the destruction of mankind?
Will that do what the original did?
Will that make you happy?
Will that plug the hole?
Will the Cardassian government honour your agreement here?
Will the Cardassians cooperate?
Will the object in the cargo bay survive that long?
Will the probe be able to transmit through that interference?
Will there be any physical evidence of what you are doing to him?
Will they believe you?
Will they get mad at us?
Will they injure Lieutenant Yar?
Will they still be able to dissipate the wave?
Will this be acceptable to the Starfleet Command?
Will this be enough?
Will this be the end of our civilisation?
Will this be your first time on a Galaxy class starship?
Will this creature be able to survive on its own without the parent?
Will this world still exist?
Will was saying how much he enjoys this assignment.
Will we all die now?
Will we be able to talk to you?
Will we be delaying our rendezvous with the Hood, sir?
Will we be holding position here until it arrives?
Will we know how to turn it on?
Will we make a fight of it, Captain?
Will we see you and your wife tomorrow at the state dinner?
Will we try to revive them?
Will we?
Will work.
Will you accept me?
Will you advise Commander Riker I will meet with him in one hour.
Will you allow me to do the introductions?
Will you allow me to remove your restraints?
Will you allow me to work with you?
Will you and your husband be staying with the ship, Counsellor?
Will you at least eat?
Will you attack me in my sleep?
Will you be all right until then?
Will you beam me directly to my quarters.
Will you beam the Ferengi directly to the Observation lounge?
Will you call me when they're done?
Will you come along?
Will you come to bed?
Will you come with me?
Will you escort Commander Data to Engineering?
Will you escort Ensign Crusher to the Aster quarters?
Will you escort him to the Bridge, Mister Worf.
Will you explain the situation to him?
Will you feed and clothe us, too?
Will you fix them?
Will you give me what I want?
Will you grant my leave, Captain?
Will you have dinner with me tonight?
Will you help?
Will you inform Doctor Crusher and Lieutenant La Forge of our delay?
Will you join me for coffee?
Will you join me in the Observation lounge when you're done?
Will you join our crew?
Will you join us, Lieutenant?
Will you join us?
Will you keep an eye on the transient power response?
Will you keep me informed?
Will you leave me alone?
Will you let us help you?
Will you listen to me!
Will you lock onto our signals.
Will you look at them?
Will you make the arrangements?
Will you marry me?
Will you meet Commander Data on the Bridge.
Will you monitor the creatures for any response?
Will you pilot the shuttle, Commander?
Will you please attend to him in his quarters.
Will you please explain why you attacked us?
Will you read to me tonight?
Will you report to Sickbay.
Will you save that dresci for us.
Will you see the Counsellor to her quarters?
Will you sell them?
Will you stop doing that, please?
Will you take care of Spot for me?
Will you take me with you?
Will you teach me?
Will you tell us more stories about Vulcan?
Will you visit me?
Will you wait for me in my quarters?
Will you, or will you not, help me with the Hegh'bat?
Will you?
Will your investigation affect our available power during the mission?
Will your nervous system be able to handle that much sensory input?
Will's been trying to get this piece right for ten years now.
Will, I didn't conjure up one of my best friends from a test tube.
Will, I didn't sense any deception from her.
Will, I don't know what to do.
Will, I know why it's happening.
Will, I know you and he have had some problems.
Will, I promise I'll let you know the minute that she regains consciousness.
Will, I said your memory could return.
Will, I sense how upset you are.
Will, I want you to command the Excalibur.
Will, I want you to get some sleep.
Will, I want you to play into that role.
Will, I want you to take a shuttlecraft and head for the rendezvous point.
Will, I've just had some terrific news.
Will, are you all right?
Will, close off all the plasma conduits in the weather control system.
Will, come on, sit down.
Will, don't do it!
Will, don't leave!
Will, don't worry.
Will, help us!
Will, how long is this thing between you and Worf going to go on?
Will, how old were you when you first started playing parrises squares?
Will, if this spatial anomaly really is in the Devron System.
Will, it would do you good to have a little fresh holodeck air.
Will, it's Beverly.
Will, it's all right.
Will, no!
Will, please join us.
Will, please.
Will, remember who you're talking to.
Will, that happened sixteen years ago.
Will, that is just not good enough.
Will, there was no further investigation.
Will, these are not common thieves.
Will, these aren't common thieves.
Will, they are looking for a specific artefact.
Will, this is strange.
Will, this isn't a good idea.
Will, this time shifting.
Will, try to calm down.
Will, we have to help her.
Will, what are you reading?
Will, what is it?
Will, what the hell are you still doing here?
Will, you always seem to be after my job.
Will, you getting soft on that luxury liner?
Will, you're ready to work without a net.
Will, you're sound of mind and body.
Will, your co-pilot is going to be fine.
William O'Brien.
William Riker, you're a mess.
William, I am a grown woman.
William, I.
William, this is not your concern.
William.
Willie Potts has twenty four hours, thirty six tops.
Willing and able.
Wind and sail, that's the proper way to move a ship.
Wind shear is incredible.
Wind, lightning and thunder.
Winds up to three hundred and twelve metres per second.
Wisdom will wait, I assure you.
Wish I could convince you to change your mind.
Wishing for a thing does not make it so.
With Data, on the edge of the old city, sir.
With Tin Man.
With a Ferengi as an associate?
With a cloaked satellite?
With a few modifications.
With a holographic interface.
With a patient.
With a single look I was able to inform my crew that I wanted to hold you here.
With a sixteen year gap in my head?
With all due respect that was three years ago.
With all due respect, Brull, I would like to make the offer to Chorgan myself.
With all due respect, Captain, you don't know what you're talking about.
With all due respect, be gone!
With all due respect, sir, I'm not a raw cadet.
With all due respect, sir, I'm the Security Chief on this ship.
With all due respect, sir, we've already run into one dead end.
With all due respect, sir, you need me.
With all due respect.
With all of the deleterious effects intact.
With all respect, Captain, I want to beam over there.
With all respect, Lieutenant, there are people to do that job now.
With all respect, sir, my best friend?
With all that's going on, maybe you're overreacting.
With all the Engineering staff, sir.
With all the armament that ship is carrying, it's going to blow.
With all the interference it'll take them a few seconds to find us.
With all these wild cards, it is difficult to know exactly what is in my hand.
With all this interference it is difficult to copy your transmission.
With an Altarian virus, anything is possible.
With an adaptive subspace echogram, maybe?
With an alert crew, even our primitive vocal communications are unnecessary.
With an e.
With an offer of amnesty.
With any luck, we'll be able to wait this thing out.
With clear and simple ways deeply rooted in our culture.
With confidence in what I'm doing?
With dispatch, Mister Data.
With each passing day, he grew more anxious, and he talked about little else.
With experience.
With explosives, if necessary.
With fist closed to attack?
With fist closed.
With fist open.
With him, nothing.
With his mother gone, who will see to his studies?
With its Lang-cycle fusion engines still intact.
With just a bit of a headache.
With luck one of us will be a distraction.
With luck, we'll both be around to renew our friendship, Captain.
With making it appear that this shuttle had fled an attack.
With me in your mind?
With mint frosting.
With most life forms I can usually feel something.
With my guidance, it can be done in half that time.
With my head still attached.
With my help, your ship could be operational in ten hours.
With my knowledge of the Borg
With my life.
With my little girl?
With my wild way of life?
With no guarantee of finding anything when you arrive.
With nothing from us in return?
With one exception, sir.
With one society profiting at the expense of the other.
With or without them.
With our attention on the Ferengi vessel, we have ignored the planet.
With our cloaking devices we can slip by you at will.
With our help, at least there's a chance you'll get your men back alive.
With permission to dig for the mine shaft.
With pleasure, Captain.
With practice, handwriting can be forged.
With reason.
With regard to romantic relationships, there is no real me.
With regard to the surrender, DaiMon Tarr.
With respect, sir, you cannot.
With so little of even our galaxy explored, I find it at least possible.
With some of the shield improvements I've discovered here, it could work.
With that thing.
With the Cairn, it's images.
With the Enterprise temporarily protected, I revived the crew.
With the Federation's help, I hope we will.
With the Ferengi around?
With the Gatherer truce in effect, it certainly should be.
With the advocate's withdrawal, the contract is hereby dissolved.
With the application of a little care, Wes, the paper can be utilised again.
With the contamination?
With the first link, the chain is forged.
With the help of one of your food stations.
With the help of our neural scanners and what you would call a holodeck.
With the help of the exocomps, I think we will.
With the illusion being more real than the woman?
With the normal things people do when they like each other.
With the pearls intact?
With the proper treatment, yes.
With the saucer gone, I assume something interesting happened on your way here?
With the shields up, we can't beam them back.
With the vaccine?
With their medical technology, he might recover.
With their orbital control station, sir.
With their pants?
With them monitoring our every move and every word.
With these buffers.
With this kind of an attitude, absolutely not.
With this power drain we can't delay.
With this, I can pretend he's ordering me to take the Enterprise anywhere.
With those wounds, most men would already be dead.
With three jacks?
With time you'll overcome the disadvantages you suffered as a child.
With tricyanate?
With unlimited power comes responsibility.
With whatever force necessary, terminate that beam.
With which we honour the Hero of Maxia.
With whom do you have this agreement?
With whom were you speaking?
With whom?
With you it will work.
With you, not very long.
With you.
With your approval, of course, sir.
With your bed.
With your head.
With your metabolism, this will heal in a few moments.
With your permission, Captain, there is one way to find out.
With your permission, Captain.
With your permission, Commander.
With your permission, I will transport down to the planet.
With your permission, I'd like to look inside of the house.
With your permission, I've decided to stay on board the Enterprise.
With your permission, of course, Captain.
With your permission, of course, Mister Prime Minister.
With your permission, sir.
With your permission, sir?
With your permission, we will be returning with three containers.
With your permission, we would like to correct that oversight.
With your permission, we'd like to begin our search immediately.
With your permission.
With your permission?
With your powers we could be a formidable team.
With your refusal to fight?
Within each disturbance it appears that time is moving at a different rate.
Within established parameters?
Within phaser range in ten seconds.
Within phaser range in thirty seconds.
Within sensor range, Captain.
Within six months we may have no choice but to surrender.
Within the next five hours, sir.
Within the norm of Klingon patterns, of course.
Within two hours, it'll break out of the containment area.
Within visual range, Captain.
Without Lore, it had no way to reach us.
Without Tog's security code, I can't get near their communication system.
Without a soul?
Without additional power to the shields, the outer hull will not hold.
Without an antigrav harness?
Without anyone getting killed this time.
Without cause or reason, he and his little band of outlaws has attacked my ship!
Without communicating it?
Without cooperation we will get nowhere.
Without even a word?
Without even an apology, Captain?
Without evidence of intent, Number One, it will not be a simple matter.
Without external influence.
Without heart, a man is meaningless.
Without her, I couldn't have accomplished what I did.
Without hesitation.
Without his knowledge.
Without his loyalty, none of us would have survived.
Without it I will be unable to track the time shifts.
Without it I'm as blind as a stump.
Without it he could not defeat me.
Without it, he is nothing.
Without it, you're blind?
Without knowing more about their genetic makeup, I can't be sure.
Without knowing what he did, that'll be tough.
Without me, they would have perished.
Without me, you will never feel emotion again.
Without my intending it, she has virtually become an active member of the crew.
Without my permission?
Without my powers, I'm frightened of everything.
Without substance.
Without that past, our future means nothing.
Without the battle of the sexes you probably don't have as many arguments.
Without the details, there's no understanding.
Without the diverter, we don't have any protection from the baryon sweep.
Without the freighters, there will be no more shipments of felicium.
Without the main computer, I can't run a full diagnostic.
Without the medicine, they would all die.
Without the protection of the forcefields, we are completely vulnerable.
Without them we would never mature into adults.
Without these interactive signals, it would only be a matter of microsurgery.
Without these supplies, they cannot win.
Without trust, there's no friendship, no closeness.
Without warp capacity, we're just a floating target.
Without warp drive, there's no way he could be out of our range by now.
Without which a warrior is nothing.
Without your assistance at our last encounter, I never would have survived.
Woke up too early.
Women aren't people.
Women carry the baby.
Women may not serve on the Council.
Women roar.
Won't do much for our energy conservation, Captain.
Won't he realise something's happened to him?
Won't the moon disintegrate prior to impact?
Won't they detect us?
Won't you join me?
Wonderful reflexes.
Wonderful things.
Wondering where he was, what he was doing.
Wondrous, yes, but not miraculous.
Wondrous.
Word gets around.
Words are all we have been using.
Words are here on top.
Words are not always easy for me.
Words come later.
Worf Come in.
Worf and I have much to discuss.
Worf and I will be safe.
Worf and I will take care of you.
Worf and I will take theta one six when the last team comes down.
Worf and I would have to adjust the pre-fire chamber.
Worf came back.
Worf can deal with anything that might arise.
Worf chose well.
Worf doesn't have any Klingon friends.
Worf has been captured by the Duras.
Worf has him in security.
Worf has made a choice and he will die for it.
Worf has the power to end the storms once and for all.
Worf is a seer.
Worf is feeling culturally and socially isolated.
Worf is having a hard time dealing with his injuries.
Worf is not gone.
Worf is not like his brother.
Worf isn't dying and he is not in pain.
Worf out.
Worf says he's going to teach us some mok'bara throwing techniques today.
Worf takes her hand, and her scent.
Worf to La Forge.
Worf to Picard, they're leaving their quarters.
Worf wants you to live.
Worf was not the only survivor of the Khitomer massacre.
Worf was right.
Worf was thrown into a state of quantum flux.
Worf we were supposed to have lunch together, remember?
Worf went down.
Worf will help us.
Worf will protect you.
Worf would be my first choice, sir.
Worf would rather die than accept this way of life.
Worf's callisthenic programme?
Worf's challenge is successful.
Worf's father was a traitor.
Worf, Captain Picard is here.
Worf, Data, Geordi.
Worf, Data, you're with me.
Worf, I am worried.
Worf, I beg of you.
Worf, I don't see how you can eat that stuff.
Worf, I hung that painting there.
Worf, I think it's all right to concentrate on our feelings, yours and mine.
Worf, I wanted you to know that we re-examined the imaging logs.
Worf, I'm honoured.
Worf, I've switched on the Visual Acuity Transmitter.
Worf, Solis, T'Su.
Worf, accompany the Lieutenant to his quarters.
Worf, analyse its firing pattern.
Worf, are you all right?
Worf, are you alright?
Worf, are you sensing any sort of interference from the Calamarain?
Worf, arm phasers and photon torpedoes.
Worf, assemble your security team in Sickbay.
Worf, before you knew, you were attracted to me.
Worf, calm down.
Worf, can I ask you something?
Worf, can you improve our reception?
Worf, can you see us?
Worf, check all decks.
Worf, consider this carefully.
Worf, did you hear about Commander Riker's promotion?
Worf, do you hear me?
Worf, don't we both share the same goal?
Worf, extend shields around the ship.
Worf, get these men back to the Enterprise.
Worf, has the baby turned?
Worf, have you ever done this before?, delivered a baby?
Worf, have you got a lock on it yet?
Worf, have you had any unusual symptoms lately?
Worf, help him up.
Worf, here's a propulsion analysis of the Cardassian ship.
Worf, here.
Worf, how fast can you get a phaser lock?
Worf, how long have you had this on your neck?
Worf, how much time do we have?
Worf, if anyone else had said that, I'd suspect he was bragging.
Worf, if we
Worf, inform the engine room we need more.
Worf, is it really you?
Worf, is this your idea of sex?
Worf, it was what it was.
Worf, it's better than music, it's jazz.
Worf, it's freezing in here.
Worf, it's just a game.
Worf, let me help you.
Worf, let's go.
Worf, my phaser's gone.
Worf, no!
Worf, open your mouth.
Worf, please.
Worf, prepare a scanner probe.
Worf, prepare to activate gamma pulse generators.
Worf, prepare your security team.
Worf, see to our guests.
Worf, set sensors on maximum scan.
Worf, signal our surrender.
Worf, signal them on subspace.
Worf, son of Mogh, you have challenged the judgment of the council.
Worf, son of Mogh.
Worf, target phasers.
Worf, thanks for the advice.
Worf, that's one of the nicest things anyone's ever said to me.
Worf, the chronicle is the life of our village.
Worf, the interior of the house?
Worf, the next few days will be difficult for you
Worf, the perfect son.
Worf, the vermicula.
Worf, there are things you do not understand.
Worf, there is no restraining field.
Worf, there is something damn odd down here.
Worf, they're going to be here any minute.
Worf, this is a battle simulation.
Worf, this is the Captain.
Worf, trust me.
Worf, try to stay calm.
Worf, very good work.
Worf, wait.
Worf, we can't do this.
Worf, we could use a hand.
Worf, we're alone now.
Worf, we're on pretty shaky ground as it is.
Worf, we've got another problem.
Worf, what are you doing?
Worf, what the hell are you doing?
Worf, what's wrong?
Worf, when did you comm.
Worf, when your tour of duty on the Enterprise is complete.
Worf, where did you get that scar?
Worf, why don't you show me the arboretum?
Worf, you and Corelki start searching the north wing.
Worf, you came in here for something.
Worf, you came in here this morning complaining of ringing in your ears.
Worf, you can't assume the intent was belligerent.
Worf, you can't deny the possibility just because you don't want it to be true.
Worf, you can't help.
Worf, you don't look so good.
Worf, you killed Duras.
Worf, you know what to do.
Worf, you're a romantic.
Worf, you're absolutely sure?
Worf, you're the perfect Klingon.
Worf, you're with me.
Worf, you've been very patient with Ambassador Byleth, and that's good.
Worf, you've made your point.
Work for the day when new thoughts may be spoken aloud.
Work, let's greet our guest.
Working on it, sir.
Working on it.
Working theories are fine, Geordi.
Works of art?
World, not galaxy.
Worried that we won't reach our new home.
Worse case.
Worth investigating.
Worthy of Holmes?
Worthy of a second chance.
Worthy of your study, Data.
Would Counsellor Troi not be a more appropriate choice to speak with Keiko?
Would I even recognise them?
Would I permit you to lock me away if I still had all my powers?
Would I seem ungrateful if I ask for some information?
Would Timothy also be more inclined to tell Data the truth about what happened?
Would a delay of one hour affect your plans?
Would any of those apply here?
Would be appalling.
Would be routed through the port transducer matrix.
Would either of you mind if I made a personal inquiry?
Would happen.
Would he be able to conduct negotiations with them should the need arise?
Would it be inappropriate to ask what happened between you and Spock?
Would it be possible for Lieutenant Yar to do so, Captain?
Would it be possible for me to serve as a temporary carrier?
Would it be possible to sabotage the shuttle by remote, during the flight?
Would it be simpler if I were not your commanding officer?
Would it help to have a different perspective?
Would it help?
Would it possible to see one of your wondrous holodecks?
Would it surprise you to learn that he found them equally valuable?
Would something like that work here?
Would that affect navigation?
Would that be enough to get us out of here?
Would that be your evaluation as well, Commander?
Would that have disqualified us as a Federation member?
Would that not make me a bad person?
Would these triolic waves be dangerous to humanoids?
Would they have kept it that simple?
Would they know who your are?
Would we do any less?
Would you agree?
Would you and Isabella like to come for a walk with me?
Would you and Mister Data report to the Bridge?
Would you ask me to stay and ask two armies to keep fighting?
Would you be interested in selling me the ore you're carrying?
Would you be interested, sir?
Would you be suggesting a ruse of some sort?
Would you be willing have our Doctor check you out?
Would you be willing to permit a genetic test?
Would you be willing to share your information with us?
Would you bring them back to life?
Would you bring your husband back?
Would you care for some coffee, Ensign?
Would you care for some company?
Would you care for some dinner as well?
Would you care for some lemon?
Would you care for something?
Would you care to accept it?
Would you care to be more specific?
Would you care to be shown to your quarters?
Would you care to come laugh with us?
Would you care to comment privately how you read any of this?
Would you care to dance?
Would you care to deal, sir?
Would you care to enclose a letter?
Would you care to explain, sir?
Would you care to hear it, sir?
Would you care to join me in some empirical research?
Would you care to join us!
Would you care to join us, Captain?
Would you care to join us?
Would you care to meet us in the Observation Lounge?
Would you care to sit down?
Would you care to take the point, Doctor?
Would you care to tour the Hebitian burial vaults?
Would you choose one life over one thousand, sir?
Would you come down from there?
Would you come here.
Would you come in for a nightcap?
Would you come to my quarters?
Would you come with me when we reach Seronia?
Would you consider?
Would you do less?
Would you do me a favour?
Would you do something like that again?
Would you do us the additional honour of now letting us entertain you?
Would you ever choose to live aboard a ship in a bottle, Captain?
Would you follow me?
Would you further dishonour our family with your disobedience?
Would you gentlemen care to show me your tickets?
Would you get onto the auxiliary panel, please?
Would you get your hairbrush?
Would you give that much?
Would you have brought me here if I had told you?
Would you have?
Would you help me with my gear?
Would you join me on the bridge, please.
Would you kill Geordi?
Would you kill an old women to cover your dishonour?
Would you like a bite?
Would you like a pillow or a more comfortable chair to sit upon?
Would you like anything, Counsellor?
Would you like me to discontinue, sir?
Would you like me to get you something to eat?
Would you like me to leave you two alone?
Would you like me to share some of my conclusions?
Would you like precious jewels?
Would you like some?
Would you like something easier?
Would you like something?
Would you like to be shown to your rooms?
Would you like to come aboard to discuss it?
Would you like to go again?
Would you like to go for level two?
Would you like to greet her on our behalf?
Would you like to have some dinner first?
Would you like to join me?
Would you like to make a statement before we begin?
Would you like to play a game?
Would you like to practice now?
Would you like to remember more about it?
Would you like to see some interesting plants or animals?
Would you like to see your quarters before we attend the reception?
Would you like to see?
Would you like to take the conn as we make transit?
Would you like to talk about it?
Would you like to talk?
Would you like to try something new?
Would you like to walk along the rings of Tautine?
Would you like us to come back later?
Would you look into it, Number One.
Would you mind coming along?
Would you mind going over that again?
Would you mind identifying what you are?
Would you mind if I authored a paper on all this?
Would you mind leaving us alone for a moment?
Would you mind telling me what has happened?
Would you mind telling me what that is?
Would you mind telling me what's going on here?
Would you not for your only son?
Would you object to giving them enough for their own immediate needs?
Would you object to your Captain ordering a clearly illegal kidnapping?
Would you permit the computer of the Enterprise to refuse a refit?
Would you please have it sent to one of your medical labs.
Would you prefer not to return to the surface?
Would you put it back where you got it.
Would you rather I guess?
Would you rather be playing with dolls?
Would you reprogram this tricorder to these specifications?
Would you say that she's just trying to do her job?
Would you say you're close to your First Officer, Captain?
Would you start as an ordinary crewman?
Would you step into my Ready room, please.
Would you take off your visor, please?
Would you teach me how to dance?
Would you tell him I would like to see him as soon as it's convenient?
Would you wait outside?
Would your care for an Earth delicacy, Commander?
Wouldn't a Klingon ship be a better choice?
Wouldn't listen to anybody.
Wouldn't she be better off knowing the truth?
Wouldn't that be a little obvious, Admiral?
Wouldn't that bring about chaos?
Wouldn't that shut it down?
Wouldn't you agree, Number One?
Wouldn't you like to take a walk with me through the arboretum?
Wouldn't you rather be alone with me?
Wouldn't you say?
Wouldn't you?
Wounded?
Woven art?
Woven together with my thoughts and my feelings and my responses.
Wow.
Writer's curiosity.
Writing is not one of my strong suits.
Writing is one of your strong points.
Wrong again, Albert.
Wrong of me to ask.
Wrong species.
Wrong, Sobi.
Wrong?
Wyatt seems a fine young man.
Wyatt was absolutely right.
Wyatt, I'm happy for you, and for Ariana too.
Wyatt, tell me something seriously.
Wyatt, you've come just as you promised.
Xelo was strongly attracted to me.
Ya'll must be mistaken.
Yadalla and Draken are at the far edge of the sector, but Calder Two?
Yamato, come in.
Yamato, this is the Enterprise.
Yanar is carrying my child.
Yanar.
Yankee trader.
Yar here.
Yar out.
Yar to Captain Picard.
Yareena, be my First One.
Yareena, my acceptance had nothing to do with Lutan.
Yareena, no.
Yeah I can see it in your eyes.
Yeah!
Yeah!.
Yeah, 	I know that law.
Yeah, Broccoli's a real project all right.
Yeah, Captain?
Yeah, Data, I'd like to see your neural flex tear him down a peg.
Yeah, Data, that's right.
Yeah, Data.
Yeah, I admit it.
Yeah, I have a date.
Yeah, I have a fairly good idea.
Yeah, I heard you.
Yeah, I like that.
Yeah, I see the way you're looking.
Yeah, I think I could.
Yeah, I think I like it.
Yeah, I think we do.
Yeah, I thought about that.
Yeah, I'll be there.
Yeah, I'll say.
Yeah, I'm angry.
Yeah, I'm familiar with his work, but I never heard anything about this.
Yeah, I'm fine, Captain.
Yeah, I'm fine.
Yeah, I'm late for a dinner date.
Yeah, I'm positive.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's broken.
Yeah, I'm sure that's intentional.
Yeah, I've heard of it.
Yeah, Maura got a little restless.
Yeah, Worf, I'm fine.
Yeah, a dispersed wide-field beam might do the trick.
Yeah, and I'm getting off at this station.
Yeah, and it had a rectangular shape.
Yeah, bow do we do that?
Yeah, but I talked to her, Commander.
Yeah, but against phasers?
Yeah, but by whom?
Yeah, but how do we reconfigure?
Yeah, but if you lose it all, I won't even have a place to sleep.
Yeah, but it's always something with parents, isn't it.
Yeah, but it's the best chance we've got.
Yeah, but look.
Yeah, but not an ordinary computer-simulated female.
Yeah, but not for long.
Yeah, but that's im.
Yeah, but there's no direct link between the warp engines and the sensors.
Yeah, but there's only one of you.
Yeah, but they're not human.
Yeah, but this isn't a Klingon vessel.
Yeah, but you're all soaked here.
Yeah, but, well, it seemed like they were left there to be found.
Yeah, by quite a bit.
Yeah, dash six four.
Yeah, doctors!
Yeah, down to work.
Yeah, go ahead.
Yeah, happy landings to you, too.
Yeah, he is.
Yeah, here we go.
Yeah, it is.
Yeah, it looks a little like the structure of your positronic brain.
Yeah, it looks bad.
Yeah, it really turned out well.
Yeah, it sure does.
Yeah, it's pretty amazing.
Yeah, like a master chef.
Yeah, maybe.
Yeah, me too, boss.
Yeah, my fault.
Yeah, no problem.
Yeah, not bad.
Yeah, nut I'm not sure it can be repeated in mixed company.
Yeah, she was willing to die to make her point.
Yeah, something like that.
Yeah, sure it is.
Yeah, sure, Data.
Yeah, take a look at this.
Yeah, that ought to do it.
Yeah, that would certainly isolate us from the effects of the other time frame.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Yeah, that's better, but I need more.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, that's starting to come back to me.
Yeah, that's starting to look right.
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah, the boob tube.
Yeah, the engine would probably ignite the plasma.
Yeah, there's one, but I don't believe it.
Yeah, they are.
Yeah, they're marine biologists.
Yeah, they've managed to pollute their atmosphere pretty badly.
Yeah, thought so.
Yeah, two sons.
Yeah, we could hook it up to one of the computers.
Yeah, we'd all be dead by now.
Yeah, well I told the Captain I'd have this analysis done in an hour.
Yeah, well you can think that if you want.
Yeah, well, I was wrong.
Yeah, well, I'm not ready.
Yeah, well, I'm not so lucky.
Yeah, well, I'm sorry.
Yeah, well, about that.
Yeah, well, so far they haven't had any reason to worry about our defences.
Yeah, well, that's your theory, Counsellor.
Yeah, well, you can't stay in one place too long.
Yeah, well, you have a very interesting way of going about it.
Yeah, what kind of game is it?
Yeah, what's that.
Yeah, who knows if we're dead or alive.
Yeah, yeah, it's possible.
Yeah, yeah, this is it.
Yeah, yeah, we'll take that bet.
Yeah, yeah, we're all broken up about it.
Years ago, I was forced to destroy a starship commanded by his son.
Years ago, your parents made a great sacrifice for the sake of their families.
Years spent in conflict.
Years!
Years?
Yes I do.
Yes I have, Number One.
Yes I know and so does Picard.
Yes I understand.
Yes It's an SCM model.
Yes and no.
Yes at first.
Yes by the date.
Yes everything's fine.
Yes it is.
Yes it was.
Yes of course, Counsellor.
Yes of course.
Yes or no?
Yes sir!
Yes sir, I believe I have.
Yes sir, I can.
Yes sir, I have seen her.
Yes sir, I'm sorry, sir.
Yes sir, they are.
Yes sir.
Yes sleep.
Yes yes just a little tired.
Yes you can!
Yes you can, Lieutenant Yar.
Yes you can.
Yes you should, but you didn't.
Yes, A single leader can make mistakes.
Yes, Admiral.
Yes, Admiral?
Yes, Bridge.
Yes, Captain Picard.
Yes, Captain, I still believe it'll work.
Yes, Captain, I'm Director Mandl.
Yes, Captain, and I am more than willing to acknowledge that.
Yes, Captain, and they're responding very well to the treatment.
Yes, Captain, stay.
Yes, Captain, we are.
Yes, Chancellor.
Yes, Chief Engineer.
Yes, Commander Riker?
Yes, Commander, but sensors have not yet locked onto its exact whereabouts.
Yes, Commander, it's me.
Yes, Commander, quite ready.
Yes, Counsellor?
Yes, Data, but there is no malevolence or ill will.
Yes, Data, it was.
Yes, Data, that is a natural assumption.
Yes, Data?
Yes, Deanna?
Yes, Doctor showed it to me, too.
Yes, Duras.
Yes, Ensign Laren, please have a seat.
Yes, Ensign, Captain.
Yes, Ensign, I'm sure that you will.
Yes, Father?
Yes, Harry.
Yes, I admit I probably would.
Yes, I am aware of them.
Yes, I am fine.
Yes, I believe he does, Data.
Yes, I believe that.
Yes, I believe your son would be very sad now.
Yes, I came to you.
Yes, I can do that.
Yes, I can imagine.
Yes, I can recognise the inscription pattern from the first artefact.
Yes, I can see that you do.
Yes, I can see you.
Yes, I can tell you I'm a woman.
Yes, I certainly did, and I expect it to stay turned off.
Yes, I certainly was.
Yes, I checked in with Wesley and Geordi a few hours ago.
Yes, I did take the messages.
Yes, I do have that effect on people.
Yes, I do, Ambassador.
Yes, I do, Data.
Yes, I do, but I would not act solely on the basis of her instinct.
Yes, I don't like them.
Yes, I entirely agree with you, Number One.
Yes, I evaluated Data when it first applied to the Academy.
Yes, I get the idea, Mister La Forge.
Yes, I have completely recovered.
Yes, I have my father to thank.
Yes, I have, Number One.
Yes, I have, actually.
Yes, I heard about the incident with Geordi.
Yes, I know him comes in.
Yes, I know it, very sweet.
Yes, I know that, Data, but what could it be?
Yes, I learned a great deal about the concept of antagonism.
Yes, I lied when I said you were made first, but with good reason.
Yes, I must admit, I have begun to feel some trepidation about that.
Yes, I must say I've come to the same conclusion.
Yes, I saw.
Yes, I see how that could be considered quite amusing.
Yes, I see that.
Yes, I see them.
Yes, I see.
Yes, I should be getting down to the planet.
Yes, I should say you should, Commander.
Yes, I suppose in a way it is.
Yes, I suppose you could call it that.
Yes, I suppose you're right.
Yes, I think he is.
Yes, I think it does.
Yes, I think you mentioned that.
Yes, I too have sought visions in fire.
Yes, I used to wear it up.
Yes, I want to see everything.
Yes, I want to.
Yes, I was in Engineering.
Yes, I was in charge of the force that repelled the trespassers on Galen Four.
Yes, I was not alone.
Yes, I was there.
Yes, I will monitor the conference from here.
Yes, I would say so.
Yes, I would.
Yes, I'd like that.
Yes, I'll agree.
Yes, I'll bet they are.
Yes, I'm angry.
Yes, I'm aware of your interest in her.
Yes, I'm dying.
Yes, I'm here, Data.
Yes, I'm sure I will.
Yes, I'm sure he did.
Yes, I'm sure he will.
Yes, I'm sure it was.
Yes, I'm sure that's true.
Yes, I'm sure we could find the time.
Yes, I'm sure you have, Leyor.
Yes, I'm sure you have.
Yes, I've felt that.
Yes, I've heard of that story.
Yes, I've heard that bonding or marriage would complicate things in that case.
Yes, I've read your history books.
Yes, I've seen it.
Yes, Ira Graves was all that and more.
Yes, James, I'm quite certain.
Yes, Jayden?
Yes, Jean-Luc?
Yes, La Forge?
Yes, Lal.
Yes, Lieutenant, we're here.
Yes, Lursa and B'Etor.
Yes, Lutan, that is her expertise.
Yes, Lwaxana and I go way back.
Yes, Major.
Yes, Mister Data, I can see it.
Yes, Mister Data, I know.
Yes, Mister La Forge?
Yes, Mister Singh?
Yes, Mother.
Yes, Mrs.
Yes, Prime Minister?
Yes, Professor, I know.
Yes, Reg.
Yes, Sir.
Yes, Sovereign.
Yes, Wes, long, long ago.
Yes, Wesley.
Yes, Whalen.
Yes, Will, I know.
Yes, Worf, but you've got to hear this.
Yes, Worf.
Yes, Yes, I think Data's painting is making me dizzy.
Yes, a choice.
Yes, a quiet night.
Yes, a very long time.
Yes, a wooden handle.
Yes, absolutely equitable.
Yes, after a poker game.
Yes, almost seven.
Yes, and Holmes too.
Yes, and I'm not going to let you get away with it.
Yes, and Mickey D just walked out the door.
Yes, and Wesley may have given us a few seconds, too.
Yes, and a difficult weapon to confiscate.
Yes, and accomplishing nothing, I'm sorry to say.
Yes, and they weren't anywhere near Engineering.
Yes, and those rights will be spelled out before I agree to anything.
Yes, and work like this demands to be done with controlled procedures.
Yes, and you are not programmed to murder cowards.
Yes, and you must be tired.
Yes, and your family and colleagues are already gathering for your Resolution.
Yes, arrogant.
Yes, as a matter of fact, I have.
Yes, at least a dozen.
Yes, badly.
Yes, because I didn't believe for one moment that you could catch him.
Yes, because of what he represents.
Yes, being here with you know is very special to me, too.
Yes, brother.
Yes, but Ben is not.
Yes, but Data, this is a play.
Yes, but I am getting unusual readings from his bioscan.
Yes, but I didn't know he played duets.
Yes, but I don't know who it is.
Yes, but I don't think it was on purpose.
Yes, but I have a theory why they didn't.
Yes, but I only found DNA from one Klingon so far.
Yes, but I thought I'd made sufficient adjustments.
Yes, but I wouldn't want to inflict it on someone else.
Yes, but Nelson never returned from Trafalgar, did he?
Yes, but Tyrellian laser art is very similar in both form and composition.
Yes, but before that happens, could we ask you a few questions?
Yes, but by that time both of them had been found out.
Yes, but he didn't take it very well.
Yes, but he isn't handling the stress as well as you are.
Yes, but he was very close to a breakthrough.
Yes, but how?
Yes, but human mothers and fathers don't love their children as we do.
Yes, but in a nightmare of disjointed images and half-heard voices.
Yes, but isn't the real point, can you do it again?
Yes, but it is all right.
Yes, but it's a correct assessment.
Yes, but it's more than that.
Yes, but it's not functioning.
Yes, but it's very risky.
Yes, but my readings indicate there's no power down there.
Yes, but not as clearly as I could see everything else.
Yes, but not human.
Yes, but only for a short time.
Yes, but only in as much as it was the probe that transmitted the programme.
Yes, but our computer is too slow to direct the repairs.
Yes, but sadly cooking is becoming a lost art.
Yes, but she never lets up.
Yes, but she takes two cubes.
Yes, but she's not the Enterprise.
Yes, but she, it wasn't.
Yes, but sixteen years.
Yes, but that's not how it happened.
Yes, but the Beta moon is now suffering some environmental damage as a result.
Yes, but the question is, why?
Yes, but there is a pattern.
Yes, but there's a certain expectancy too.
Yes, but they lack battle experience.
Yes, but they may not realise that we're communicating through language.
Yes, but unfortunately we just don't have the time.
Yes, but we need our Chief Engineer back on board our ship.
Yes, but we will continue to pursue all avenues of investigation.
Yes, but we will discuss that at a later time.
Yes, but what about your merry men?
Yes, but what does it all mean?
Yes, but where is this place?
Yes, but you do know better.
Yes, but you endangered this vessel in which we all travel.
Yes, but you must have so many enemies.
Yes, but you needed it.
Yes, but you're not convinced.
Yes, but you're only vaguely aware of it.
Yes, but, it's still moving.
Yes, by luring us back and putting us in prison.
Yes, cold.
Yes, come in, Number One.
Yes, concerning your memory blackout.
Yes, couldn't be better, thank you.
Yes, do that.
Yes, doctor.
Yes, even though you're judge and prosecutor.
Yes, except for being crammed full of crumpets.
Yes, father, but never as the appointed record keeper.
Yes, for a very good reason.
Yes, for now.
Yes, for the first part of the plan.
Yes, friends.
Yes, gentlemen?
Yes, get them out of here.
Yes, go ahead, Ensign.
Yes, go ahead.
Yes, he does.
Yes, he is going to have to shift it to regain his balance.
Yes, he is.
Yes, he plays a kind of flute.
Yes, he told me everything that happened.
Yes, he was one of the crewmen who came in direct contact with us.
Yes, he was pleased to have won a championship emblem.
Yes, if you will let me handle the controls.
Yes, in a very particular way.
Yes, in many ways, I'd like to believe.
Yes, isn't it, though?
Yes, isn't that something?
Yes, it concerns DaiMon Bok.
Yes, it did.
Yes, it has.
Yes, it is turning a disadvantage into an advantage.
Yes, it matters.
Yes, it seems reasonable put that way.
Yes, it was dark.
Yes, it was part of the table.
Yes, it was tragic, but it was their fault.
Yes, it will be highly profitable.
Yes, it's a Betazoid method.
Yes, it's a direct expression of the music within.
Yes, it's from Cold Moon Over Blackwater.
Yes, it's me.
Yes, it's possible.
Yes, it's quite an undertaking you're proposing, isn't it?
Yes, it's right over here.
Yes, it's the study of fossil records at the microscopic level.
Yes, it's very pleasant, but that's not the point.
Yes, it's wonderful.
Yes, just as it was given to me.
Yes, just let yourself go.
Yes, like your sister.
Yes, ma'am, Doctor.
Yes, ma'am, if this is what you're talking about here.
Yes, maybe.
Yes, more or less.
Yes, my Chorus was special.
Yes, my adoptive parents often give these things at family weddings.
Yes, my beloved.
Yes, my father taught it to me when I was young.
Yes, my love.
Yes, my love?
Yes, of course I have.
Yes, of course I know that, but he was a full partner in a very important firm.
Yes, of course I will.
Yes, of course it is.
Yes, of course it made me feel good when he.
Yes, of course she is.
Yes, of course you are.
Yes, of course you do, but its all business and no play.
Yes, of course you do.
Yes, of course, Captain.
Yes, of course, Number One.
Yes, oh yes.
Yes, on Geordi.
Yes, once again I've overstayed my welcome.
Yes, once it's installed.
Yes, our communicators are out too.
Yes, perfect.
Yes, perfectly.
Yes, perhaps I will.
Yes, perhaps it is.
Yes, perhaps you're right.
Yes, probably true.
Yes, proceed, Commander.
Yes, protection.
Yes, quite.
Yes, recently.
Yes, right there.
Yes, serpent worms.
Yes, she does.
Yes, she is a medical technician in Sickbay.
Yes, she was on that ship twenty four years ago.
Yes, she's tried to accept the responsibility.
Yes, since we obtained only minimal information on our sensor pass of it.
Yes, sir!
Yes, sir, I am.
Yes, sir, I can.
Yes, sir, I did.
Yes, sir, I should be done here momentarily.
Yes, sir, I thought you might.
Yes, sir, I'm all right.
Yes, sir, I'm already on it.
Yes, sir, I'm altering subspace in a way that's never been conceived of before.
Yes, sir, I'm aware of that.
Yes, sir, I've got it.
Yes, sir, Look, I'm sorry I damaged the shuttle, Captain.
Yes, sir, and the best of luck to you.
Yes, sir, and we've brought back a souvenir.
Yes, sir, but
Yes, sir, but I have been closely monitoring all on-board sensors.
Yes, sir, but not quite as perspicuously.
Yes, sir, but only at extremely close range.
Yes, sir, but that's not the problem.
Yes, sir, but the risk of structural collapse is quite high.
Yes, sir, but we were unable to locate her trace pattern.
Yes, sir, it is important.
Yes, sir, that is true.
Yes, sir, the twenty ninth is the only one I cannot bypass.
Yes, sirree!
Yes, sirree.
Yes, thank you, dear.
Yes, that code hasn't been used in centuries.
Yes, that does it.
Yes, that is correct.
Yes, that is one possible definition.
Yes, that is so.
Yes, that is true.
Yes, that may be, but you will obey my orders.
Yes, that may well be.
Yes, that might work.
Yes, that was Miranda, all right.
Yes, that was it, Geordi.
Yes, that was puzzling.
Yes, that would be more in character, wouldn't it?
Yes, that would be valuable.
Yes, that's exactly the feeling I've been reading.
Yes, that's it.
Yes, that's right.
Yes, that's the answer.
Yes, that's the great teacher.
Yes, that's the one.
Yes, that's the way I feel exactly.
Yes, that's true, Number One.
Yes, that's true.
Yes, that's what your character is going through.
Yes, the birthright of every Klingon.
Yes, the code's been entered.
Yes, the human compulsion.
Yes, the one thing both races share is a love of theatre.
Yes, the room is adequate.
Yes, the stakes are higher.
Yes, there is only one ratio with matter antimatter.
Yes, there is something.
Yes, there was a restraint.
Yes, there was a sound.
Yes, they are worried.
Yes, they are.
Yes, they can track us.
Yes, they can.
Yes, they do, don't they.
Yes, they must be punished, but not executed with dishonour.
Yes, they needed a doctor.
Yes, this Farpoint station will be an excellent test.
Yes, this disruptor works.
Yes, this is all very interesting.
Yes, this is exactly what it's all about.
Yes, this is not a rock on the trail which once seen can easily be avoided.
Yes, this is the fourth intersect in Jefferies tube twenty five.
Yes, this symbol seems to be of particular significance.
Yes, this will do very nicely.
Yes, this will do.
Yes, those feelings are part of me.
Yes, trade, human.
Yes, very good, Lal.
Yes, very well.
Yes, very.
Yes, we are an ancient power, Commander, but we've suffered for it.
Yes, we are, Number One.
Yes, we are.
Yes, we can try.
Yes, we certainly do, dear, but not just now.
Yes, we did.
Yes, we have indeed been negligent, Captain.
Yes, we heard that, Number One.
Yes, we know.
Yes, we might as well let him try it.
Yes, we need to go up.
Yes, we're about to begin.
Yes, we're causing it.
Yes, we're here!
Yes, we've had a ship-wide shutdown.
Yes, we've seen enough.
Yes, well, he's evidently done more than hold together.
Yes, well, that wouldn't work here.
Yes, well, there are minor differences.
Yes, well, this time I'm glad I did.
Yes, what is it, Counsellor?
Yes, what is it, Ensign?
Yes, what is it?
Yes, what place are you trying to reach?
Yes, when I'm ready for bed.
Yes, wherever possible.
Yes, which is why we started her out with the older children.
Yes, with a worthy opponent.
Yes, with those who have discovered they are male.
Yes, yes I know all about your marvellous inventions.
Yes, yes, Data, I know about the Orient Express.
Yes, yes, I know that.
Yes, yes, I know what you're thinking.
Yes, yes, I know.
Yes, yes, Mister Data, I am aware of that.
Yes, yes, but theoretically it is possible.
Yes, yes, of course, Data.
Yes, yes, very nice.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Yes, you are.
Yes, you can do that, but you haven't.
Yes, you can, and before he changes his mind.
Yes, you could call it that.
Yes, you did, from computer twelve B nine, deck thirty six.
Yes, you do keep telling me that.
Yes, you do seem to be having difficulty.
Yes, you do, somewhat.
Yes, you have said that.
Yes, you have, old friend.
Yes, you have.
Yes, you might.
Yes, you must.
Yes, you raised Mister Data four, which means that the bet is, er, seven to me?
Yes, you show wisdom.
Yes, you were.
Yes, you will.
Yes, you're not holding it quite right.
Yes, your fault.
Yes, your ship.
Yes, your speech.
Yes..
Yesterday I testified that the crash occurred following a Yeager loop.
Yesterday at sixteen hundred hours.
Yesterday, I did not know how to eat gagh.
Yesterday, for one terrifying moment, there was clarity.
Yet Gosheven does not.
Yet Gosheven has decided otherwise.
Yet I can close my eyes, and see their faces as clearly as I see yours now.
Yet I could not stop cutting.
Yet at one time you found something very appealing about it.
Yet he had himself frozen presumably so he could go through it all again.
Yet he insists on ignoring them.
Yet her neural activity is practically non-existent.
Yet in all you say, where are the words duty, honour, loyalty.
Yet it is very possible she is correct.
Yet something still weighs heavy on the brow of the son of Mogh.
Yet that barrel of cargo is a source of great anxiety to them.
Yet the majority feel that we have no choice but to trust you.
Yet there are no Federation bases or vessels in this area.
Yet there are numerous examples where it was successful.
Yet there are still no life form readings.
Yet there is no discernible power drain on our own systems.
Yet they seem to have trouble getting along with each another.
Yet this hole has a form, Data.
Yet we are not headed for a specific colony.
Yet we are puzzled by the timing of your visit.
Yet we do not fall.
Yet when interconnected, their combined intelligence is formidable.
Yet you can't account for what happened today, can you?
Yet you covet his success.
Yet you dishonour me at every opportunity.
Yet you have chosen a Vulcan way of life.
Yet you saw nothing?
Yet, because you cannot, you do.
Yhat you're fighting something.
Ylja'Qo ylja'Qo!
Ylja'Qo!!
Ylja'Qo' ylja'Qo' ylja'Qo.
You Are not allowed to leave the compound.
You Bulgallian sludge rat!
You Recognise the old bag of tricks?
You a private dick?
You accepted our goods in trade!
You accepted this duty and you must see it through to the end.
You accomplish nothing by provoking him.
You accuse me because I am Klingon.
You accuse us of cowardice while you plant bombs in shadows?
You accused me of being the representative of a barbarous species.
You act like it's more important than your comrades.
You act like you don't believe them.
You acted in good conscience, Doctor.
You adapt.
You added the chair, Captain.
You admire him.
You admit the truth and yet expect him to accept punishment?
You admit you did that?
You admit you were trying to steal a shuttlecraft.
You admitted your guilt before the Council.
You advanced quite far against such a worthy opponent.
You again seized my vessel.
You agreed and you let us go on our way.
You agreed not to embarrass him.
You agreed on twenty.
You agreed that she has a right to choose her own future.
You ain't nobody's cousin and you ain't here for a visit.
You all did well.
You all have an hour to prepare for your last test.
You all know where I came from and what my life was like before.
You all know your duties.
You almost gave her complete access to the ship's computer.
You almost had me believing this was a misunderstanding.
You already are.
You also see things in a way we do not, but as they truly are.
You always did have a flair for the dramatic.
You always did have fools working for you, Larg.
You always did love the sky.
You always do that to me.
You always enjoyed the adversarial process more than arriving at the truth.
You always had an advantage.
You always had the better hand, in everything.
You always have, and you've always been disappointed.
You always know the answer.
You always listen to the grown-ups.
You always listened to me, even when I was sad.
You always reached for the future and your brother for the past.
You always thought he was so full of himself.
You always wear such beautiful clothes off duty.
You and Data beam down.
You and I are completely different from them.
You and I are going to have the rest of our lives.
You and I are real, sir, as is Lieutenant Barclay.
You and I are the only chance they've got.
You and I can discuss it calmly.
You and I can handle it.
You and I have served together for many years.
You and I need to have a little chat about that.
You and I will fight battles that others can only dream of.
You and I will start with topside.
You and I will take the south.
You and I.
You and Lieutenant Worf reconnoitre where these corridors lead.
You and Mister Worf must join us.
You and Ronin have both suffered a tremendous loss.
You and every other member of the crew.
You and me, Leah, we've got just two hours to figure this thing out.
You and me, here, at El-Adrel.
You and me.
You and the other children are now members of this society.
You and the others were frozen.
You and the traitor.
You and your Security Chief will leave.
You and your family must leave.
You and your friends.
You and your men can relax.
You and your staff are welcome aboard for a change of scene, rest.
You and?
You appeared and attacked us.
You arbitrated the Rite of Succession.
You are Acting Director of the facility, Nilrem.
You are Borg.
You are Commander William Riker, First Officer of the Klingon cruiser, the Pagh.
You are Doctor Juliana Tainer.
You are Federation citizens.
You are Major Rakal of the Tal Shiar, the Imperial Intelligence.
You are Maquis, aren't you?
You are Riker, an alien.
You are Romulan.
You are Starfleet Klingon.
You are Worf, son of Mogh.
You are a Lieutenant junior grade, Assistant Astrophysics officer.
You are a Romulan.
You are a Starfleet officer disguised as a Romulan.
You are a Starfleet officer, Lieutenant.
You are a certified pilot, Ensign?
You are a challenging opponent, Counsellor.
You are a copy.
You are a curious thing, aren't you?
You are a doctor?
You are a fine debater, sir.
You are a fine hunter but I am a powerful prey.
You are a fool and your challenge can only result in a fool's death.
You are a fool.
You are a kind woman.
You are a leader.
You are a member, aren't you?
You are a monument, not to our greatness, but to our existence.
You are a most unusual species.
You are a murderer and a thief.
You are a non-violent man, yet you committed acts of excessive violence.
You are a remarkable people, but you are not superior beings.
You are a sacred person here, Wesley.
You are a seventeen year old boy.
You are a sham!
You are a stubborn people.
You are a truly clever person, Lutan.
You are a very interesting person.
You are a worthy opponent.
You are aboard the Enterprise, Captain.
You are aboard the Imperial Romulan Warbird Khazara.
You are about to see how wrong you are.
You are absolutely right, Captain.
You are accused of deceit and treachery.
You are all invited to a prestigious occasion on the planet Pacifica.
You are all ungrateful.
You are all we've talked about since your arrival.
You are already involved.
You are also Klingon!
You are always welcome, Captain.
You are among friends, Captain.
You are an accomplished mediator.
You are an alien.
You are an empath.
You are an idealist.
You are an impossibly stubborn human.
You are an officer of the Tal Shiar.
You are approaching the Age of Ascension.
You are arrogant and closed-minded.
You are as sceptical as I am.
You are asking for trouble, Wes.
You are asking me to choose the next leader of the Klingon Empire.
You are asking me to step down.
You are attempting to bribe me.
You are attempting to confuse me.
You are attempting to disable the defence system.
You are attempting to recreate the Dokkaran temple of Kural Hanesh?
You are aware of a great deal for a logistics clerk.
You are aware of him.
You are aware of our existence.
You are aware of the charges against you?
You are aware of what occurred just now in main Engineering.
You are aware of yourself and your own ego.
You are back in command of the Stargazer, Picard.
You are bearing down.
You are beautiful to us.
You are being held under the authority of the Prytt Security Ministry.
You are being taken apart molecule by molecule.
You are being tested, Riker!
You are bluffing and you will lose.
You are both able negotiators, strong leaders.
You are bothered, I can tell.
You are brave, cha'DIch.
You are busy.
You are capable of great sadism and cruelty.
You are certain you are well?
You are cha'Dich.
You are changing the subject.
You are cleared for arrival in shuttlebay two.
You are cleared for take off.
You are concerned about unintentionally hurting Ensign Tyler's feelings.
You are confined there for the duration of this expedition.
You are confused.
You are correct in that I have no frame of reference to confirm my hypothesis.
You are correct, Captain Picard.
You are cruel, uncaring creatures.
You are cunning.
You are dangerous.
You are dealing with a theory full of holes, Captain.
You are definitely not from our neighbourhood.
You are deliberately evasive and it must stop.
You are delightful.
You are different than everyone else aboard this ship.
You are dilatory.
You are dismantling a warp plasma conduit.
You are dismantling the primary power conduit.
You are dismissed.
You are disobeying the Captain.
You are doing fine.
You are doing very well.
You are empathic.
You are endangering this ship for no reason.
You are endowing Data with human characteristics because it looks human.
You are even lovelier in person.
You are even more beautiful.
You are excused now.
You are excused, Doctor.
You are excused.
You are facing fate with composure.
You are familiar with the B'aht Qul challenge?
You are familiar with the issues.
You are favoured in the ship's pool.
You are finished, Data.
You are free to stay here as long as you wish.
You are from a different time, aren't you?
You are fully dilated to ten centimetres.
You are fully functional, aren't you?
You are going to assist me in a most important ceremony.
You are going to be much more of a challenge than I had first thought.
You are going to be of great help to us.
You are going to die.
You are going to do exactly what I tell you.
You are going to hold to that position?
You are going to live.
You are going to make him into a sculptor?
You are good.
You are half human.
You are here because you are all top candidates.
You are here now watching this image of me because I have died.
You are hereby requested and required to take command
You are holding our captain.
You are honouring your promise to serve us?
You are human, and among humans, females can achieve anything the males can.
You are in Federation territory.
You are in command of a starship.
You are in competition with Mister Kaplan.
You are in danger of being exposed.
You are in danger.
You are in error.
You are in great shape.
You are in need of medical attention.
You are incorrigible.
You are indeed a leader.
You are keeping count?
You are killing innocent people!
You are late.
You are leaving them on the planet.
You are like others.
You are lucky this is not a Klingon ship.
You are lying because you are losing the game.
You are making a fool out of yourself, and I will not watch.
You are making an unwarranted extrapolation.
You are male.
You are many, I am one.
You are missing the point.
You are mistaken, Doctor.
You are most fortunate, my dear Captain, that I am not a violent man.
You are much more than that, Jenna.
You are my family.
You are my mother.
You are my prisoner.
You are no doubt feeling emotional distress as a result of her disappearance.
You are no longer Deanna Troi.
You are no more an old woman than I am a leader.
You are no one's servant, Liko.
You are not Borg.
You are not Fek'lhr.
You are not God.
You are not a fool, Worf.
You are not alive.
You are not allowed to leave the compound?
You are not alone.
You are not captain?
You are not fit to command.
You are not hostages.
You are not in Starfleet any longer.
You are not just a copy.
You are not like the others.
You are not masters of life and death.
You are not my mother.
You are not of these people.
You are not taking her with you.
You are not the first officer on this ship to have a new family member.
You are not to blame.
You are not to enter Federation space.
You are not.
You are of different construction than the others.
You are of the clan Lornak.
You are on board the Federation Starship Enterprise.
You are on our world!
You are on the starship USS Enterprise.
You are only as old as you feel.
You are ordered to stand down.
You are out of order!
You are out of your mind!
You are outnumbered, Mister Barclay.
You are outrageous.
You are over ninety per cent water surrounded by a flexible container.
You are part of the family, Jean Luc Picard.
You are powerful, but do not do this to us, we beg you.
You are prisoners.
You are programmed to survive.
You are protecting the enemies of the Cardassian people.
You are punctual, Captain.
You are qualified?
You are quite welcome on Ornara.
You are rash, quick to judge, slow to change.
You are reacting to their overprotective attitudes towards me.
You are ready for what awaits you and you will do well.
You are real.
You are relieved.
You are remarkably short sighted, Nu'Daq.
You are restricted to these quarters for the remainder of this voyage.
You are right, Doctor.
You are right, but sometimes with a beautiful woman, I can not help myself.
You are scared, aren't you?
You are scheduled for class work now.
You are searching for instances of Iresine syndrome?
You are seeing this ship, all of us, from a unique perspective.
You are selfish, yet you value loyalty.
You are simply the most impossible person to buy a gift for.
You are six years old.
You are smart.
You are so brave, facing down that evil man like you did.
You are so precious to me.
You are so tense.
You are some sort of anaphasic lifeform.
You are still Jean-Luc Picard.
You are still fat, K'mpec.
You are still too arrogant.
You are still unable to meditate?
You are still wearing that uniform.
You are strong.
You are suggesting that I had such a motive.
You are supposed to report whatever is out of the ordinary.
You are the Overseer.
You are the eldest son.
You are the last of the Rossas.
You are the most beautiful woman in the galaxy.
You are the most negative person!
You are the most stubborn woman I ever knew.
You are the one in charge?
You are the ones who are causing pain and anguish in this colony.
You are the only living thing that really exists on Rana.
You are the property of Starfleet Command.
You are the protector of this ship, are you not?
You are the son of a traitor.
You are to be denied existence.
You are to be questioned before the committee.
You are to cooperate fully.
You are to hold your position until I join you.
You are to proceed now as he indicated.
You are too aggressive.
You are too generous.
You are too inquisitive not to want to know.
You are too much for them.
You are trained in the system.
You are trespassing into our space and you are holding a Zalkonian citizen.
You are trifling with the primal instincts of our species.
You are truly becoming sentient, Lal.
You are twisting the truth.
You are under my command.
You are upset.
You are using the name of Kahless for some twisted game.
You are very beautiful, but our relationship can't be like that.
You are very fortunate.
You are very good with people.
You are very strange looking creatures.
You are very talented.
You are very tall.
You are very welcome to carry on, if you like.
You are wasting your breath, Lieutenant.
You are weak like them.
You are welcome to your opinion, Captain.
You are welcome, sir.
You are welcome.
You are wise, Father.
You are without shame.
You are wrong, Captain.
You are wrong, Geordi.
You are... bluffing.
You aren't going to kill it?
You as the senior officer would defend.
You ask nicely.
You ask questions I can't answer.
You ask that I volunteer to give her up.
You asked for me.
You asked if I knew my name.
You asked them to defend your way of life and then you discarded them.
You asked to see me, Captain?
You asked to see me.
You astonish me, Picard.
You attempt to gain every unfair advantage, Picard.
You averted a war that would have cost many lives.
You barbarian!
You be careful with that thing.
You be in front of the saloon.
You bear no fault.
You becoming counsellor?
You behaved as though you belonged on the Bridge.
You believe it's a design flaw?
You believe what you want, lass.
You belong in Starfleet about as much as I belong in a verbal contract.
You bet I am.
You bet I do.
You bet I'm agitated.
You bet it was.
You bet on me?
You betrayed us.
You better hurry up to the bridge with that.
You better inform the captain of the good news and the bad news.
You better not try to leave town.
You better put a secondary phase inverter in there.
You blamed your war on him, and there's no doubt he had a lot to do with it.
You blocked my path.
You both have a lot of healing to do.
You both must have got a little carried away, that's all.
You broke a bone in your arm, but Doctor Crusher repaired it.
You brought Deanna in.
You brought her aboard for her telepathic powers.
You brought me with you to Ligon to be of help.
You brought no evidence at all.
You brought this upon yourself.
You bumped into me.
You buying?
You call him Will?
You call it a treatment.
You call me Lwaxana.
You call that light reading?
You call this getting along?
You call this healthy?
You call us savages and yet you knew those people down there would be killed.
You called me Dahta.
You called me Father.
You called me Picard.
You called me complicated.
You called me that when I was five.
You came all the way up here just to tell me that?
You came home and my father didn't.
You came out of nowhere.
You came to me and insisted we support Gowron against the Duras family.
You came to us seeking answers but this is a place of questions.
You can accompany me while I try and resolve this.
You can add sorcery to the list of charges against that rogue.
You can always have more.
You can ask me anything you want.
You can be anything you want, Harry.
You can be assimilated.
You can be assured of that.
You can be completely open with me.
You can be eliminated by a disrupter.
You can beam the table and torches down now.
You can begin programming it.
You can believe what you like.
You can believe what you wish.
You can bet on it.
You can bring my wife back to me.
You can buy me dinner.
You can call it whatever you like.
You can check it out when you wake up.
You can climb up that until you come to an open doorway.
You can close your mouth.
You can come in the rest of the way now.
You can count on all of us, sir.
You can count on it.
You can count on that.
You can create people?
You can defeat him.
You can depend on it.
You can do anything you want.
You can do it, Amanda.
You can do that, can't you?
You can do whatever you want, Rabal.
You can drive it away!
You can drop me anywhere.
You can end up being hunted by Starfleet and the Cardassians.
You can end your wanderings, your miserable existence.
You can expect a ransom demand.
You can feel it.
You can feel that we share this.
You can fire photon torpedoes.
You can fix it, can't you?
You can get him.
You can get it from the replicator, but it's not the same.
You can get out of my hair.
You can get to it later.
You can go, Hannah.
You can go.
You can guess why.
You can handle defeat in two ways.
You can handle her, Captain, if anyone can.
You can hardly believe this will convince anyone.
You can have it.
You can join me.
You can learn to do it if you have to.
You can leave the ship at oh seven hundred hours tomorrow.
You can lose confidence, or you can learn from your mistakes.
You can lower the lights on a verbal command.
You can make us strong.
You can monitor their course if you wish.
You can not resign.
You can obtain spirituous liquours from the food dispensers.
You can only count on yourself.
You can only exist in here.
You can pay me with your son's life.
You can put that down, Homn.
You can put the supplies on the pad.
You can reach me through the comm.
You can read our transponder codes.
You can read this language?
You can relax, Doctor.
You can relax.
You can relieve me in four hours.
You can represent the interests of peace.
You can sample my DNA if you like.
You can see her?
You can see that.
You can see your friends again tomorrow.
You can see your quarters now, if you like.
You can spend latinum just about anywhere.
You can still be safe.
You can still do those things.
You can store them for a few hours?
You can study it if you want to.
You can survive at the Lunar Five settlement.
You can take her back with my blessings.
You can take him home.
You can take this ship back to the Enterprise.
You can talk business.
You can talk freely.
You can tell Baran every word that I've said.
You can tell Baran if he wants the analysis done faster, he can do it himself.
You can tell Baran that I'm working as fast as I can.
You can tell by the shape of the leaves.
You can tell him yourself, in person.
You can tell me all about her.
You can thank Ambassador Kell.
You can trust us.
You can try calibrating them by hand.
You can try.
You can understand that, can't you?
You can understand that?
You can use me as a hostage instead of threatening
You can use whatever form you want.
You can't abandon them.
You can't be on the Bridge every second, Data.
You can't be open to love if you don't risk pain.
You can't be serious, Picard.
You can't be serious?
You can't boost the warp power that way!
You can't break this.
You can't dance to it.
You can't deny you're still a dangerous, savage, child race.
You can't destroy them.
You can't do anything?
You can't do it!
You can't do that with humanoid tissue.
You can't do this to me, Jean-Luc.
You can't do this.
You can't escape that way.
You can't even hear me and I'm still intimidated by you.
You can't fight this thing and win.
You can't force us to go.
You can't get through the next hours without help.
You can't give orders around here.
You can't give up, Suz.
You can't go through with the ceremony.
You can't guide someone into adulthood.
You can't have a civilisation of computer chips.
You can't help developing a familiarity with certain Starfleet personnel.
You can't hide the emptiness from me.
You can't hold it back.
You can't intimidate us.
You can't just come in here and take her away from everything she's ever known.
You can't just dismiss this.
You can't just stroll on to the Bridge whenever you feel like it.
You can't kill all of us.
You can't know that.
You can't know.
You can't leave Rex to face him alone.
You can't leave?
You can't let them have the felicium.
You can't let wishful thinking guide your decision, Counsellor.
You can't lie to them.
You can't live with this.
You can't notice what's happening outside without feeling some of that.
You can't outrun them.
You can't pilot a shuttle you're not familiar with.
You can't possibly have been aware of the passage of time.
You can't put everything on your shoulders, Wesley.
You can't put your life on the line just to prove some theory.
You can't really believe that they'll be fooled.
You can't remove it yet.
You can't rescue a man from a place that he calls his home.
You can't resign now.
You can't resign.
You can't see the sun from here.
You can't simply improvise something.
You can't tell me you haven't come up with a few culinary delights.
You can't tow us.
You can't trust them.
You can't!
You can't?
You cannot achieve complete recovery so quickly.
You cannot afford to not take that advantage, can you?
You cannot apply human style logic to this, Captain.
You cannot ask these questions within the boundaries of protocol?
You cannot believe the business opportunities they have destroyed.
You cannot confine her against her will.
You cannot do it?
You cannot do that!
You cannot do this.
You cannot exist outside this room.
You cannot fire.
You cannot give orders either, sir.
You cannot help being what you are.
You cannot hurt me.
You cannot leave them here to die!
You cannot leave your quarters without an escort.
You cannot possibly be suggesting surrender, Chancellor.
You cannot put a price on a life.
You cannot remain here, Captain Picard.
You cannot survive in this.
You cannot tarnish a rusted blade.
You cannot tell Gowron of this.
You cannot win.
You cannot withstand our assault forever, Barclay.
You cannot.
You care about my well being.
You carry great pride in his accomplishments.
You catch me next time, Dix.
You certainly are.
You certainly can say.
You certainly convinced me.
You certainly fooled Sir Guy, and me as well.
You certainly wouldn't want to marry an enemy.
You cheated me.
You check left.
You choose not to answer?
You choose your enemies, you choose your friends, but family?
You chose not to abandon a life-long career.
You chose to accept this disgrace for the good of the Empire.
You chose to tell the truth and face the consequences.
You chose your first officer without ever meeting him?
You claim a birthright you have forsaken?
You claim you intend to remove these survivors from our planet.
You claim you were hit by the stun beam before the rest of us arrived.
You come from a family that would make you proud.
You come from a very brave and unique people.
You come in search of what humanity is!
You coming?
You command the Enterprise while I remain in command of the overall mission.
You condone homicide, sir?
You consider it important to please humans?
You consider me unqualified?
You continually question my orders in front of the crew.
You control my every move, tell me what to say, what to think.
You control the bet, Lieutenant.
You copy, Number One?
You could accept it graciously.
You could always resign your commission.
You could at least smile, Worf.
You could be an impostor.
You could be forced into paying my adversary a ransom in weapons.
You could be lying.
You could be my conscience.
You could be over-preparing.
You could be pulled in too.
You could be relieved of duty.
You could break your neck!
You could come with us.
You could do it without that problem.
You could double, even triple the work load.
You could easily be cut off from the rest of us.
You could have been on the Bridge and it still might have happened.
You could have easily been right.
You could have found a Romulan to play this role.
You could have seen the way we face death.
You could have stayed on Chandra Five.
You could have tried for negotiations for peace on your planet long ago.
You could help me change.
You could learn a lot from Captain Picard.
You could learn a lot from this one.
You could learn from these people, Sunad.
You could learn to do this when you grow up.
You could never get used to the sightless factor, or to losing.
You could never use me.
You could not have inadvertently affected any of the Vico's systems.
You could pick up the telemetry aboard the shuttle.
You could quicken the pace.
You could return to the Academy.
You could reverse the damage?
You could say that I was the father of his work.
You could see what Tagus was like two billion years ago.
You could stay here and wait for her, if you, you know, wanted to.
You could stay.
You could still be in danger here on Rana.
You could take the boy from us.
You could tell.
You couldn't be more wrong.
You couldn't fall asleep unless you heard it.
You couldn't get aboard my ship fast enough.
You couldn't have graduated from the Academy already.
You couldn't see two metres in front of yourself down there.
You couldn't sleep at all?
You couldn't transport us.
You couldn't wait?
You cried when father died.
You dare call my daughter a liar?
You dare not destroy us.
You dare to blame me!
You dare to insult me?
You darling, what are you doing here?
You deceived us.
You defied the orders of the ranking officer on the scene.
You deleted some of Rocha's personal files, didn't you?
You deliberately interfered with their laws.
You delicious man.
You deserve a home, a family.
You deserve it.
You deserve to live a life of luxury.
You deserved to win.
You destroy humanity.
You destroyed a Klingon vessel?
You destroyed his ship.
You did a good job on the Borg ship.
You did a good job.
You did a good thing, Data.
You did ask me to be thorough.
You did everything you could, Commander.
You did exactly what you had to do.
You did it before and you'll do it again.
You did it first, sir.
You did it, Captain.
You did know La Forge longer than any of us.
You did know he's attracted to me, didn't you?
You did not anticipate.
You did not battle the Ferengi.
You did not know the name of the man who faced the storm.
You did not think so when it worked in your favour.
You did really well during the drill.
You did return as promised.
You did save it, didn't you?
You did seem a little disappointed when I turned you down.
You did some research on our nutritional choices.
You did that!
You did that?
You did this for me?
You did this.
You did try to talk us out of attempting to escape.
You did understand that was the purpose of all the testing?
You did what you had to do.
You did what you had to do?
You did what you thought was best.
You did what?
You did your best to satisfy that condition.
You did, sir.
You didn't abandon him.
You didn't answer my question.
You didn't by chance adjust the environments on the incubation containers?
You didn't call him it.
You didn't come all the way down here to tell me that.
You didn't deduce anything.
You didn't do it.
You didn't eat anything.
You didn't even trust your lieutenants there.
You didn't fill Data with substandard parts, did you, old man.
You didn't happen to bring a blanket with you, did you?
You didn't have any one experienced to help you through sentience.
You didn't have to kill him.
You didn't have to.
You didn't just kill that man, you mutilated him.
You didn't like it?
You didn't mention you were that certain.
You didn't miss anything.
You didn't pay for it, therefore it's not yours.
You didn't put the organism on the hull, you discovered it.
You didn't read that unauthorised biography?
You didn't say anything about a weapon.
You didn't say it?
You didn't say you could do that.
You didn't see any of this.
You didn't seem to mind that.
You didn't strike me as that sort, Picard, But by all means, try.
You didn't take any cards.
You didn't talk to the entire ship about us.
You didn't tell him how long it would really take, did you?
You didn't tell me it had been this bad.
You didn't think it would be your last chance to see her.
You didn't trust me.
You died along with the others, defending the colony.
You dinna understand.
You dirty his name when you speak it.
You disagree with me, fine.
You disappoint me.
You disapprove?
You disassembled me.
You disgust me!
You dishonorable top'a!
You dishonour me.
You dishonoured them.
You disliked the sound he made when he ate his soup.
You dislocated your shoulder.
You disobeyed my direct order.
You disrupt this ship, you kidnap the Captain.
You do a lot of your work here?
You do and the Romulans will instantly know our co-ordinates.
You do as he says.
You do care about how I perform.
You do get around, don't you?
You do have a sense of humour.
You do have an ego, don't you?
You do have limits.
You do it.
You do know who I am.
You do like living dangerously.
You do not believe my powers are real, do you.
You do not command here.
You do not discuss, you gibber.
You do not even know what real warnog tastes like.
You do not have a staff.
You do not have good feelings for your father?
You do not have to be destroyed.
You do not have to do this.
You do not have to leave.
You do not insist.
You do not kill an animal unless you intend to eat it.
You do not leave this ship without authorisation.
You do not look as if you meet the age requirements.
You do not need to look for it.
You do not say truth.
You do not seem happy.
You do not share her affection?
You do not speak with respect.
You do not understand, Captain.
You do not wish it?
You do not wish to continue our lovers quarrel?
You do not wish to rehearse?
You do now.
You do realise our lives are at stake here.
You do realise that, don't you?
You do recall they cautioned us not to interfere with their children below.
You do remember that?
You do seem different.
You do seem very well suited.
You do that so much better than I do.
You do that, son.
You do this every day?
You do this for profit.
You do this of your own accord?
You do understand my reasons?
You do understand that we cook most of our foods.
You do understand the danger, don't you?
You do understand, don't you that thought is the basis of all reality?
You do understand, sir, that my interpretation of the symbols will not be exact?
You do very well on your own.
You do wish to speak of your mother.
You do, I do, your mother, my father, but not my mother or the guests.
You do, Number One?
You do, as well as anyone.
You do, however, have a choice.
You don't act like a member of the Tal Shiar.
You don't agree?
You don't approve of genetic engineering.
You don't believe I'm Tasha's sister.
You don't believe in me.
You don't believe it?
You don't believe me, do you?
You don't believe me.
You don't believe that my career in Starfleet has been a mistake.
You don't belong in our time any more than we belong in yours.
You don't belong on that ship, Lieutenant.
You don't belong on this train.
You don't care for the Cardassians?
You don't care to inspect them?
You don't do it very well.
You don't even know how to think of yourself as a single individual.
You don't even know what I want.
You don't even let a man open the door for a lady.
You don't ever love a woman quite like that again.
You don't give a damn about the people whose lives you're throwing away.
You don't have a brother.
You don't have a choice.
You don't have a plan anymore.
You don't have a viola?
You don't have any choice.
You don't have to act like a Klingon glacier.
You don't have to be alone anymore.
You don't have to concern yourself.
You don't have to convince me of anything.
You don't have to do anything you don't want to do.
You don't have to do anything, Data.
You don't have to do this any more.
You don't have to eat, you know.
You don't have to leave.
You don't have to lie.
You don't have to mother me.
You don't have to quit just because I'm unbeatable?
You don't have to quote the rule book.
You don't have to remember everything today.
You don't have to remind us of our duty.
You don't have to say that, sir.
You don't have to stay here anymore.
You don't have to tell me, Beverly.
You don't have to thank me, Captain.
You don't have to worry about me.
You don't have to, Jean-Luc.
You don't just let that happen.
You don't just turn your back.
You don't kill civilians indiscriminately.
You don't know all the facts, sir.
You don't know anything about what happened, do you?
You don't know how long I've longed to tell you that.
You don't know how long I've wanted to tell you that.
You don't know how lucky you are.
You don't know how many times I thought about you, about us.
You don't know how much that means to me.
You don't know that the exocomps are life forms.
You don't know the condition we were in when he found us.
You don't know what I'm talking about.
You don't know what a joke is?
You don't know what a struggle this has been for me, Commander.
You don't know what it's like in our universe.
You don't know what this ship can do, Mister.
You don't know what you're talking about.
You don't know where they came from?
You don't know why you lied, and yet you did.
You don't know why you stole, and yet you did!
You don't know, Robert.
You don't know?
You don't like jumping on beds!
You don't like kids.
You don't like me.
You don't like people with a sense of humour?
You don't like that, do you?
You don't like those elaborate meals either.
You don't look like a person who came here to relax.
You don't look so ship-shape yourself, sir.
You don't look so tough.
You don't look well.
You don't love me.
You don't mean Doctor Noonien Soong?
You don't mean?
You don't mind if I let our ship's crew know first, do you, William?
You don't need a haircut.
You don't need my permission for something new.
You don't need that.
You don't often meet someone willing to say that out loud.
You don't really expect me to answer that, do you?
You don't really know, do you?
You don't really think I'm going to help you.
You don't really think something's going to happen with Suzanne Dumont, do you?
You don't really think we were in the dark about your intentions, do you?
You don't really understand human behaviour, do you?
You don't really want to be ship's counsellor.
You don't remember any of this, do you?
You don't remember any of this?
You don't remember me, do you?
You don't remember us falling in love and getting married?
You don't say, I want this, or I am Hugh.
You don't seem that way to me.
You don't seem to be the kind of man to give up so easily.
You don't sound convinced.
You don't sound like you're from Rateg.
You don't sound very confident.
You don't sound very convinced of that.
You don't sound very optimistic.
You don't sound very sure of yourself.
You don't strike me as a man who needs a holodeck to have a good time.
You don't tell me how to behave.
You don't think Rishon and I did something that merited survival, do you?
You don't think Worf would allow them access to the battle bridge?
You don't think she's real.
You don't think that's mistreatment?
You don't think they already know that?
You don't treat anything as trivial, or irrelevant.
You don't trust me, Marouk.
You don't trust me.
You don't trust us.
You don't understand the scope of my crime.
You don't want the comfort of a pet, you want a companion.
You don't want to keep Keiko waiting.
You don't whether the Homeworld is safe.
You don't, do you?
You don't?
You doubt me.
You doubt my good faith?
You doubt that he is still waiting for you in Sto-Vo-Kor.
You doubt the real Kahless will return one day.
You dreamt you were in bed with someone?
You drink with our enemies?
You drive a hard bargain.
You echo another noteworthy commander in a similar circumstances, Number One.
You elected me your leader.
You embarrass me before our guest.
You embarrassed both of us.
You engineering types don't appreciate imagination?
You enjoyed that.
You escaped?
You even sat in my chair.
You ever run into Halley's comet?
You ever seen a Talarian hook spider?
You exaggerate, Captain.
You exist and then you cease to exist.
You expect me to apologise to you?
You expect me to believe such feeble lies?
You faded out there for a second.
You failed.
You failed?
You fainted.
You feel for him the same way he feels for you.
You feel slightly warm.
You feel the Hathaway has value?
You feel uncomfortable about aspects of your duplicate, Data.
You feel what anyone in your position would feel.
You feeling better?
You fell asleep.
You felt no satisfaction.
You felt sorry for me.
You felt to do otherwise would be dishonourable.
You felt trapped.
You find me amusing.
You find something amusing?
You find us well, I trust?
You first.
You flatter me.
You fool!
You force a confession from me.
You force us to defend ourselves.
You forced the situation.
You forfeit the rest of your questions.
You forget I'm a telepath.
You forget to take the trash out this morning?
You forgot because you allowed yourself to be distracted by foolishness.
You fought the Cardassians, didn't you?
You fought them?
You fought well.
You found her, all right.
You found him?
You found the problem.
You found what you were looking for, Mister Worf?
You frightened them.
You gambled, he won.
You gave a truly realistic interpretation of multi-infarct dementia.
You gave me the chance to change and I took the opportunity.
You gave me the same warning about Sarathong Five.
You gave me your oath.
You gave me your solemn word.
You gave them a chance at a new life.
You gave up your claims on those territories when you signed the armistice.
You gave up your own command to take this assignment?
You gave us an opportunity we couldn't ignore.
You gave us our shot.
You get Morag.
You get used to it.
You give him a chance to show her he's generous.
You give the orders, but someone else does it.
You give us food.
You give us no choice, Enterprise.
You give us the gene code.
You giving thanks?
You go Ha!
You go ahead, sir.
You go ahead, sweetie, and be home for dinner.
You go ahead.
You go and organise it.
You go back to bed now.
You go back to the engine.
You go down Captain's log, supplemental.
You go make peace with yourself, all right?
You go now.
You go off with the others.
You go on ahead, Doctor.
You go, I'll stay here.
You go.
You going to be around for a couple of days?
You going to go another fifty?
You good at it?
You got a better idea?
You got any ideas?
You got any passions, boy?
You got called into the superintendent's office?
You got her on the stuff.
You got it, Data.
You got it, Doc?
You got it, partner.
You got style.
You got that straight, Slim.
You got to let me help her.
You got two calls.
You got what you came for.
You gotta be kidding.
You grab her when she comes out, okay?
You guard him.
You guys can't stay here.
You guys were all so proud of me.
You had a bright light shining in your eyes.
You had a concussion.
You had a good time.
You had a hand in helping me get out of this.
You had a histamine response, to what I don't know.
You had a reason.
You had a strange way of showing it.
You had better come see this.
You had better reconsider that position, Commander.
You had jacks and eights, she bluffed you with a pair of sixes.
You had no claim to that vessel.
You had no reason to leave.
You had no right
You had no right to involve me without my permission.
You had nothing!
You had such potential.
You had the full tour, I trust?
You had the power to stop them but you didn't?
You had to ask.
You had to be.
You had to make a choice.
You had to walk over a kilometre along the bottom to get back to shore.
You had your chance with Commander Riker.
You had your opportunity to object, Ariel.
You had your say.
You handle that unit like a veteran, Doctor.
You handle these controls like you grew up in a shuttle.
You handled that in a very thoughtful way.
You handled that particular incident very well.
You handled that well.
You hardly knew her!
You hate having breakfast with me.
You hate it.
You hate them as much as they hate you.
You have Darnay's disease.
You have Lal off to a wonderful start in life, Commander.
You have Tasha's DNA on file?
You have a better one?
You have a burn-out in your guidance system, Captain.
You have a chance to make some good come out of this tragedy.
You have a condition called the Forrester Trent syndrome.
You have a dangerous man out there with a huge arsenal at his command.
You have a dog's tail?
You have a fever.
You have a fracture in your left arm.
You have a funny way of looking at conduit configuration.
You have a grandson, you said.
You have a great need.
You have a green light, Commander.
You have a hairline fracture of the humorous.
You have a keen mind.
You have a lot to learn.
You have a man aboard by the name of Okona.
You have a mild strain.
You have a moon in a deteriorating orbit.
You have a perimeter alert, sir.
You have a point.
You have a power she lacks.
You have a problem with that heading, Lieutenant?
You have a replicator?
You have a reputation for being hard as nails and getting the job done.
You have a sense of humour.
You have a ship?
You have a simple choice now.
You have a single chance for life.
You have a vessel that is capable of warp speed.
You have a visitor coming aboard.
You have access to it?
You have achieved your objective.
You have actually spent the last two days here on this starship, not on Boraal.
You have advanced Irumodic Syndrome.
You have all the time you need.
You have already changed things more than you realise.
You have already proved you don't have the courage to face me.
You have already raised the temperature three times.
You have an appointment in your cabin, Captain.
You have an excellent record.
You have an imaginary friend?
You have an important job to do here.
You have an objection to being a donor?
You have awakened Portal six three.
You have been accused of committing a homicide.
You have been an entire civilisation.
You have been apprehended invading one of our secret facilities.
You have been brought here for my enjoyment and my appreciation.
You have been brought to Aldea as our guests.
You have been chosen to be that voice.
You have been exposed to the same high energy plasma they were.
You have been fighting all your lives.
You have been found guilty of outlawry and high treason.
You have been in a coma, delirious.
You have been in contact with Admiral Kennelly during this mission?
You have been manipulating me, haven't you?
You have been married for fifty three years.
You have been most helpful in guiding me since Alexander's arrival.
You have been terribly hard on yourself.
You have been told not to do that.
You have been tricked by a sly female who finds you repulsive.
You have been using me, Nana, my entire family for centuries.
You have been with them, but you are still of us.
You have brought nothing but pain and suffering to this crew.
You have changed.
You have children?
You have come twenty two years into the future.
You have commented on the lack of senior officers available for this mission.
You have committed acts of aggression against the United Federation of Planets.
You have committed an unfriendly act.
You have correctly processed the sense of touch.
You have cousins there.
You have crossed into the Neutral Zone and are engaged in hostile action.
You have data preceding that for fifteen years.
You have destroyed us.
You have devised a completely unanticipated response to a classic attack.
You have difficult times ahead.
You have disgraced yourself and you have disgraced me.
You have done enough already.
You have done well, Commander Kurn.
You have enough on your mind.
You have established a connection.
You have exceeded my abilities.
You have extended your life at the expense of another.
You have fooled us too often, Q.
You have fourteen hours, Captain.
You have free will, you have a choice.
You have friends here.
You have fulfilled all my expectations.
You have fulfilled your destiny all too well, Picard.
You have got a fever.
You have got a nasty little cut here.
You have got a problem.
You have had a considerable spectrum of occupations.
You have helped quite enough, Captain.
You have helped.
You have him on your ship?
You have honoured us with your words of greeting.
You have invaded our system.
You have it in your power to encourage him without interfering.
You have it within yourself the ability to refrain from using the power of Q.
You have kept information from me since our first communication.
You have killed Torsus.
You have led them here to destroy me!
You have lost everything you value.
You have made a grave miscalculation.
You have made a mockery of me.
You have made a very serious accusation.
You have made it clear that I am to perform my regular duties, sir.
You have manipulated the circumstances with the skill of a Romulan.
You have many different kinds of people here.
You have many enemies?
You have misunderstood.
You have much to learn about us.
You have my assurance he won't assault anyone else.
You have my complete support.
You have my coordinates, La Forge.
You have my pity.
You have my word as a Starfleet officer that I will not.
You have my word he will be disciplined upon my return.
You have my word on that.
You have never seen death.
You have nine hours.
You have no authority here.
You have no authority to make that decision.
You have no choice now.
You have no choice.
You have no concern for an officer who may have saved your life.
You have no food on your plate.
You have no further business here.
You have no home.
You have no idea how far you still have to go.
You have no idea what has happened here.
You have no idea what it means to be Q.
You have no information I could use.
You have no joy, Gowron.
You have no jurisdiction here!
You have no jurisdiction here, Picard.
You have no jurisdiction here.
You have no medical need.
You have no other identity.
You have no other portraits of your fellow crew members.
You have no others.
You have no reason to interfere with us.
You have no right to interfere.
You have no right to put us through this just to satisfy your curiosity.
You have no right to take it away from her.
You have no right.
You have no rights here, traitor!
You have no say in this, cha'DIch!
You have no understanding about what it means to be Klingon.
You have not changed.
You have not heard?
You have not spent much time among your own kind.
You have nothing I want.
You have nothing to prove anything here, Lieutenant.
You have nothing to prove to us.
You have nothing to prove.
You have nothing to worry about, sir.
You have now crossed that line.
You have often expressed dissatisfaction with the spartan nature of my quarters.
You have one chance to escape destruction, Picard.
You have one hour to withdraw.
You have only one chance to save them now.
You have only postponed their deaths.
You have only your trust in me to help you decide to do it.
You have orders for me, sir?
You have our word.
You have passed the challenge.
You have phasers.
You have photon torpedo.
You have pointed out yourself we are all at risk every day of every mission.
You have priority three clearance aboard the Enterprise?
You have probably fought that battle over and over again in your mind.
You have proved your hearts are Klingon.
You have provided me with much more than I needed.
You have reconsidered.
You have responsibilities and I want you to live up to them.
You have returned in order to give me this message?
You have returned.
You have said enough.
You have said so yourself many times.
You have said you sensed no intelligence in all of this.
You have seven hours.
You have shown me such generosity.
You have shown them what you want them to be.
You have spent a century hunting us down.
You have such a wonderful grasp of engineering principles.
You have taken the phaser and torpedo control units offline.
You have talked of glory and of conquest and legends we will write.
You have taught us there is nothing beyond our reach.
You have ten of your minutes.
You have ten.
You have that long to make whatever changes you wish.
You have the Bridge until Commander Riker returns.
You have the Bridge, Mister McDowell.
You have the arch.
You have the bridge, Mister Data.
You have the conn, Mister Crusher.
You have the coordinates, Chief O'Brien.
You have the coordinates.
You have the free time.
You have the helm, Mister Data.
You have the hostages.
You have the power to leave each of them with a gift proving your affection.
You have the right to point out that you told me so.
You have the right.
You have the sequence locked in, Data?
You have the time.
You have the vision to see the potential of Doctor Reyga's metaphasic shield.
You have the wrong man.
You have thirty seconds to decide.
You have three broken ribs.
You have three hours, Narik.
You have three minutes, not one second more.
You have to be raised on it.
You have to come now.
You have to compress the detection band width in order to determine the fix.
You have to do something.
You have to fight to get her back, Captain.
You have to forgive yourself, Mother.
You have to grab them and hold on.
You have to hang on.
You have to learn to live with it.
You have to let go of Picard.
You have to let go.
You have to obey orders.
You have to pick a first, second and third place, and four honourable mentions.
You have to push your finger into the soil as far as it can go.
You have to realise sir, this isn't exactly my area of expertise.
You have to resist the temptation to exhale.
You have to return the ball before it bounces twice.
You have to tell them what happened.
You have to trust me to protect her.
You have to understand, drugs can make you feel good.
You have to watch him.
You have to.
You have treated Dobara with dishonour.
You have trouble behind that door?
You have twelve hours to make your decision.
You have twenty four hours.
You have twenty seconds to respond to each question.
You have used a verbal contraction.
You have used the asteroid's gravitational pull as a slingshot.
You have voiced certain reservations to me about his abilities.
You have water!
You have wounded me.
You have your answer, Riker.
You have your crewmen back.
You have your grandmother's fire, that's for sure.
You have your instructions.
You have your orders, Commander.
You have your orders, Lieutenant.
You have your orders, Number One.
You have your orders.
You have your planet back in order.
You have.
You haven't changed in that belief?
You haven't decided what you're going to do.
You haven't done anything wrong.
You haven't eaten.
You haven't even been here.
You haven't even introduced me to your charming companions.
You haven't even smiled once today.
You haven't given me a good enough reason.
You haven't heard my offer.
You haven't lost your touch, haven't you?
You haven't offended me.
You haven't said anything.
You haven't said one word to me.
You haven't seen half of what this beauty can do.
You haven't seen him recently?
You haven't tasted real fear yet, Doctor.
You haven't time.
You haven't used my first name once, Paul.
You having second thoughts about betraying your comrades?
You heard about them on the Brittain.
You heard everything we said.
You heard me!
You heard me, Number One.
You heard me?
You heard the Captain, everyone.
You heard the old story about the man who goes to his doctor?
You heard the order, Mister Lynch.
You heard what he said.
You helped make me a Bridge officer.
You hid them in debris field.
You hit him pretty hard, Captain.
You hold my future, my happiness, my very life in your hands.
You honestly think Q is telling the truth?
You honour me by the proper use of my name, Captain.
You hope our attacker will follow us into the atmosphere.
You hope you never do.
You hope.
You hoped this would happen, didn't you?
You humans are puny, weak.
You hunt us.
You ignore them.
You in or not?
You incompetent Top'a.
You increased the difficulty level, sir.
You increased the levels of tricordrazine?
You insisted I look into her situation.
You interfered with our Farpoint mission.
You introduced them.
You invent them, I sell them.
You just can't admit that it was my research that made this possible.
You just can't resist, can you, Counsellor?
You just can't stay away from the big chair, can you?
You just destroyed the Enterprise.
You just did the KoH-man-ara.
You just did, Jean-Luc.
You just do it.
You just don't get it, do you, Jean-Luc?
You just don't want to get dirty.
You just ended your career, Will.
You just got to wing it from day to day.
You just have to know how to talk to him.
You just have to know where to look for it.
You just healed it.
You just kill them.
You just let me go down the tube.
You just made an error.
You just missed her.
You just missed him.
You just need to turn up the intensity, Data.
You just remember yours.
You just said it was up to me.
You just said so.
You just sit tight.
You just sort of figure it out as you go.
You just stopped and then started again.
You just tell the computer what you want and it prepares it for you.
You just tell the computer where you want to go.
You just think of me as your Entertainment Director.
You just want me to prove that Data is a mere machine.
You just will.
You keep a saddle on board the Enterprise?
You keep excellent records, Deanna.
You keep it, Data, so you won't forget me.
You keep using the word peace.
You kept letting me inside.
You kill us.
You killed him!
You killed him?
You knew about this and didn't say anything?
You knew about this, Mirasta?
You knew everything we were going to do.
You knew how to laugh once.
You knew my father?
You knew of its existence.
You knew only our brother.
You knew the price for disobedience.
You knew there was life on Velara Three?
You knew this would happen, didn't you?
You knew what would happen.
You knew what you had to do.
You knew you were going to throw that seven, didn't you?
You knock out one generator and another takes over without interruption.
You know Captain Rice?
You know I am right.
You know I had no intention of going through with that.
You know I had some trouble getting through.
You know I'm not a threat.
You know I'm stronger than you.
You know Jean-Luc, it's lucky for you we met.
You know Mister Mendoza, the Federation negotiator.
You know Nilrem.
You know Rebecca Smith?
You know Robin Lefler.
You know about it, Father.
You know about my mother's cousin, the girl from San Antonio I told you about?
You know all about dying.
You know all about that.
You know an awful lot about me.
You know as well as I do, Bok, he's not my son.
You know better than to try and move trilithium resin.
You know everything I do, Will.
You know exactly how to bypass a problem like that.
You know exactly what I mean.
You know full well I hadn't even met Beverly then.
You know how it is.
You know how much it's worth, lady?
You know it as well as I do.
You know it's been over between Will and me for a long time.
You know it's going to happen.
You know it?
You know me better than anyone here.
You know me well, Korgano.
You know me, I enjoy a challenge.
You know me, sir?
You know my feelings.
You know my planet?
You know my price.
You know of it?
You know of the Sheliak threat.
You know of the simulation.
You know she had a lover?
You know that I cannot grieve for you, sir.
You know that Lwaxana's sick, don't you?
You know that is impossible.
You know that man you're going to marry?
You know that, don't you?
You know that, right?
You know that.
You know the Captain?
You know the Intrepid?
You know the ceremony?
You know the disaster at Micromius?
You know the effects of your poison.
You know the implications as well as I.
You know this area is off limits.
You know this one?
You know we could both get in a lot of trouble for this.
You know we're going to have to do this by hand.
You know what I heard?
You know what I miss most?
You know what I need to do?
You know what I want to hear.
You know what Michelangelo used to say?
You know what a critic Data was, especially about his own work.
You know what else is really weird?
You know what it's like on a long trip.
You know what it's like to be under fire.
You know what it's like to lose a ship.
You know what scares me the most, Finn?
You know what the secret is, don't you?
You know what the worst part of growing old is?
You know what the worst part of this is?
You know what to do?
You know what you are.
You know what you have to do.
You know where everything is.
You know where it is?
You know where we are?
You know who I am.
You know why I left those instructions.
You know why.
You know you find me tantalising.
You know you're not supposed to take utensils from the common area.
You know your jobs.
You know!
You know, Captain, I've been thinking.
You know, Captain, almost no one is born being a good parent.
You know, Captain, your Counsellor's right.
You know, Data, I think I know what your problem is.
You know, Data, I wasn't always lying to you.
You know, Data, I've been thinking about some of the times we've had.
You know, Data, maybe you gave up a little too easily.
You know, Data, there's an awful lot we don't know about your dream programme.
You know, Deanna, the first man I ever loved unconditionally was named Stefan.
You know, Dirgo had his manoeuvring thrusters rigged a funny way.
You know, Doctor, I have been more than fair.
You know, Geordi, I spent the better part of my life exploring space.
You know, Geordi, everybody falls in love with a fantasy every now and then.
You know, Homer was blind and Milton.
You know, I don't spend nearly enough time on the holodeck.
You know, I don't think I ever heard your last name?
You know, I don't think anyone is born knowing how to be a parent.
You know, I feel better already.
You know, I feel responsible for you in a way.
You know, I had a talk with Chief Pendleton in Communications.
You know, I have a picture of you wearing that in my office.
You know, I have always been a little suspicious of men with beards.
You know, I heard that Solok was quite a man.
You know, I never particularly thought of you as an animal person.
You know, I never thought I would say this, but it's good to see you again.
You know, I once knew a tall, handsome warrior named Alexander.
You know, I really like him.
You know, I really owe you an apology.
You know, I really want to take a look at those Ktarian antiques.
You know, I really want you to know that I do admire the work that you've done.
You know, I remember a time we had to transport the Dohlman of Elaas.
You know, I served aboard eleven ships.
You know, I think these things are alive.
You know, I think you might be right.
You know, I think you were right after all.
You know, I was talking to a friend of mine, Ches Whitley.
You know, I was thinking about what the Captain told us about the future.
You know, I was thinking.
You know, I wouldn't be at all surprised if this were the result of.
You know, I wouldn't be surprised if that solvent was organic.
You know, I'm curious.
You know, I'm not exactly sure.
You know, I've always thought that technology could solve almost any problem.
You know, I've been able to keep track of you from time to time.
You know, I've been thinking we should probably let Dad know what happened.
You know, I've never been to a formal inquiry.
You know, I've never even been away from home.
You know, Mister Clemens, I'm going to do you another favour today.
You know, Number One, you missed something not playing with model ships.
You know, Picard, I could take you prisoner.
You know, Sam, maybe you shouldn't try so hard with Riker.
You know, Worf, you'd make a perfect throw rug in Nottingham Castle.
You know, a doctor friend once said the same thing to me.
You know, a nickname.
You know, a very long time ago, I got into some serious trouble too.
You know, at this point I'm not willing to say it's coincidence.
You know, don't you?
You know, freeze you now and heal you later.
You know, funny you should mention that.
You know, he could be right.
You know, he reminds me of another officer I knew years ago.
You know, it might.
You know, it swims in the ocean.
You know, it was always believed this was on your desk, not here.
You know, it was funny.
You know, it wasn't easy to get this record.
You know, it's a shame there's no anbo-jyutsu ring nearby.
You know, it's possible we've tried this a thousand times and it's never worked.
You know, it's such a shame.
You know, last night I couldn't sleep.
You know, making little boys reasonable only gives them pimples.
You know, maybe ignorance really is bliss.
You know, maybe this broken sample container I found can tell us something.
You know, one thing I don't understand.
You know, over the years his body kind of faded away but the idea stayed.
You know, radiation leaks, biochemical contamination, other health hazards.
You know, she got up before dawn every day and went to bed well after midnight.
You know, some day my ship's going to come in.
You know, some of my best friends are empaths.
You know, some of our greatest advances have come from analysing failure.
You know, someone who jumped up and down on furniture all the time.
You know, sooner or later, everyone comes in here.
You know, that is exactly what I'm going to do.
You know, that sounds like a telephone ringer, but I don't see a receiver.
You know, the festival of Kot'baval is tomorrow.
You know, there are many reasons why the shuttlecraft may have been delayed.
You know, there really is no substitute for holding the reins.
You know, there some words I've known since I was a school boy.
You know, there's nothing about you I find tantalising.
You know, these quarters remind me of a hotel room on Argelius.
You know, they were anachronistic in 2123.
You know, this is a much better way of communicating for you.
You know, this might work.
You know, twenty one points.
You know, we could be going about this all the wrong way.
You know, we could make use of that.
You know, we might be able to keep a signal lock on him at all times.
You know, we might even be able to rig some kind of alien alarm system.
You know, we'd should be getting along to Ten Forward.
You know, when you're a doctor and you have patients, you're in control.
You know, whenever I travel back, I meet very interesting people, men and women.
You know, you don't seem so arrow.
You know, you keep smiling at me.
You know, you make a pretty cute kid.
You know, you were right.
You know, you're always drinking alone.
You know, you're awfully young to be so driven.
You know, you're getting on my nerves.
You know, you're incorrigible, Q.
You know, you're just about the prettiest little old Doctor I ever seen.
You know, you're not just incorrigible, you're insatiable.
You know, you're taller in person, Commander.
You know, you're very good at this.
You know, you've been at this for hours.
You know, you've just got to know how to handle them.
You know, your hair, it's different.
You know, your work.
You last saw him years ago when- 
You learn a few things.
You learn a lot about people from their luggage.
You learn by rote.
You learn quickly.
You learn the way we do things and take that information back to your command.
You learn to watch your back when you're around those people.
You leave him right where he is.
You leave these people alone.
You led the assault team.
You led us quite a chase, Mister Crusher.
You left him a wonderful legacy.
You left me alone.
You let me know what you decide?
You let their emotion sway you.
You lied to him about the Engine Room.
You like Tommy Dorsey?
You like hasperat?
You live for the chase, as do I.
You live to explore the unknown.
You lived with the colonists?
You loathe going on vacations.
You look a little pale.
You look a little sore.
You look a little tired, Doctor Beverly.
You look a lot like her, you know.
You look awfully pale.
You look doubtful, sir.
You look exactly like Robert when he was your age.
You look fine, now.
You look for battles in the wrong place.
You look good, son.
You look just like him.
You look like a man who could handle trouble.
You look like someone who wants to be disturbed.
You look like you're about to faint.
You look like you're packing to leave forever.
You look like you're preparing for a quiet evening.
You look pretty good for someone who's been eating sickbay food for three days.
You look scared to death.
You look strange, Paul.
You look tense, Jean-Luc.
You look thin.
You look very fit, Lieutenant.
You look very handsome, if I might saying so Captain.
You lost all your early memories.
You lost.
You love each one of your people.
You lured us here so you could play games with me.
You made a decision to leave the ship?
You made a living doing this?
You made decisions you felt would save your colony.
You made it appear so because you resequenced his DNA.
You made it, Number One.
You made them look like signal markers.
You made them what they are.
You made this?
You make everybody comfortable until we get back.
You make everything into such a mystery.
You make it sound like a disease.
You make it sound like you ain't seen me in a year.
You make it sound poetic.
You make it sound so real.
You make it sound unethical.
You make it sound very complex.
You make me realise that my life still has value.
You make me wish I were an only child.
You make yourself comfortable with that.
You may accompany him.
You may address me as Centurion Bochra.
You may ask any questions you wish.
You may be able to convince him, perhaps.
You may be able to sell Troi that story, but not me.
You may be experiencing the initial stages of your transformation.
You may be ready for the afterlife, but I'm not.
You may be right.
You may be seated.
You may beam him aboard now.
You may begin the launch sequence.
You may believe it right now, but you will.
You may call me Lore.
You may call me whatever you wish.
You may carry my luggage.
You may choose from them.
You may choose your size.
You may communicate with scheduling.
You may cross the border.
You may decide to do something else as you get older.
You may die.
You may end up several days before the event or several days after.
You may energise.
You may even learn to understand your evil brother.
You may expect me to use every means at my disposal to resist your wishes.
You may experience the emptiness with me if you wish.
You may find Wyatt an unusual person.
You may find it aesthetically displeasing, sir.
You may find part of what you've lost.
You may fire the probe when ready, Mister Worf.
You may have a concussion.
You may have a parasitic infection.
You may have been the last person to see her.
You may have to reconfigure the transfer interface.
You may have weeks or very few hours.
You may have your three weeks, Picard of the Enterprise.
You may impress me.
You may lay it when ready.
You may leave whenever you choose.
You may leave, Commander Riker.
You may leave.
You may live long enough to learn about us.
You may not be able to stop them all.
You may not care about it now, but someday you might.
You may not like the future.
You may not respect our traditions, but I do.
You may not thank me once you see how much work it entails.
You may now give birth.
You may now leave, if you wish.
You may only have a few seconds.
You may proceed, Doctor.
You may proceed.
You may refuse with no dishonour.
You may rest assured your cargo will be taken safely to its destination.
You may retain the surplus for yourself.
You may see him.
You may shake loose the truth.
You may sit.
You may speak.
You may step down, sir.
You may step down.
You may stop auto-destruct.
You may take whatever action against him you feel is appropriate.
You may test that assumption at your convenience.
You may transport aboard at your convenience.
You may turn off your tractor beam, Captain.
You may understand it but you've never had to live with it.
You may use mine.
You may wait outside.
You may want him here before we're done, sir.
You may want to start with something like this here.
You may want to start with something like this.
You may want to tell him that.
You mean I don't have to take calculus anymore?
You mean I'm the one being executed?
You mean Klingon ways, don't you?
You mean Lieutenant Commander Data?
You mean a Tyken's rift.
You mean a lot to both of us.
You mean a robot?
You mean at our age.
You mean being here on this tub four hundred years from where I started?
You mean besides pride.
You mean change the past?
You mean fold, Data.
You mean hardly original?
You mean he can talk?
You mean he never knew he hadn't left the holodeck?
You mean he never mentioned me to you, either?
You mean he tells me what he wants and I have to do it.
You mean if I go back, only one of us can return?
You mean it's complete?
You mean it's giving you a chance to limit your risk.
You mean jealousy.
You mean our names.
You mean out here?
You mean revolted.
You mean ship's business takes precedence over me?
You mean slavery.
You mean some emotion buried in your psyche?
You mean talk with my mouth full?
You mean the Dyson Sphere?
You mean the Hera is down there?
You mean the Kes.
You mean the computer could do it.
You mean the energy pulse?
You mean the interphasic organisms.
You mean the one who was here?
You mean the ship in orbit?
You mean there's a copy of me on Mizar Two?
You mean there's something even more remarkable about you?
You mean they were caught unprepared and now they're crying for help.
You mean they were warlike?
You mean they're not alive?
You mean they're still on the Enterprise?
You mean to do this, do you?
You mean to say you climbed through every tube on the ship?
You mean to tell me all these people belong to the Ansata?
You mean we're cloaked?
You mean when you died.
You mean where you wanted her to.
You mean you came all the way back to Betazed for me?
You mean you came here alone?
You mean you can go?
You mean you can't be happy or sad?
You mean you change according to whatever man you're with?
You mean you didn't bake me a cake?
You mean you didn't believe her either?
You mean you don't think you should stand trial for what you've did?
You mean you want to name the disease after me?
You mean you're not born reading minds?
You mean you're older, more experienced.
You mean you're using this ship to transport a sentient being as property?
You mean you've never had telepathy with someone who wasn't Cairn?
You mean, it's a garbage scow.
You mean, what Martin was saying.
You mean, you still care?
You mean?
You meant as much to me as Data ever did, but you were unstable.
You mentioned a hospitalisation.
You mentioned it was smooth and cold.
You mentioned the Ferengi Alliance to me.
You mentioned your impending death, Grandpa.
You met him when you first arrived here.
You might as well ask a Vulcan to forgo logic, or a Klingon to be nonviolent.
You might be right.
You might be seeing it again real soon.
You might call it a family tradition.
You might come to wish you hadn't expended it in such a futile effort.
You might do better than I.
You might find something there which will shed some light on her story.
You might have a chance do what most people can only dream about.
You might have learned an interesting lesson.
You might have taken the simple precaution of locking the door.
You might just live to be my age.
You might not ask that, Lieutenant, if it was your child.
You might not be able to get back, and I can't risk losing you.
You might say that.
You might start with Miranda Vigo.
You might think more clearly if you got a good night's sleep.
You might try calibrating them manually.
You might try scanning for its energy configuration.
You might try that once in a while, too.
You might want some company.
You might want to come down here.
You might want to get some rest.
You might want to have a look at this, Captain.
You might want to keep this.
You might want to use a bacillus spray.
You might've been exposed to something from the science ship.
You mined the Corridor.
You misled me at each step, and yet I was completely unaware.
You miss her a great deal, don't you?
You missed Gul Evek by a matter of hours.
You misunderstand.
You most certainly should not.
You moved far from the door.
You murdered my only son.
You murdered my son.
You must adjust my positronic subprocessor to emit an interphasic pulse.
You must also, brother.
You must anticipate my attack.
You must be Commander Riker's father.
You must be Commander Riker.
You must be Gods.
You must be Wesley Crusher.
You must be Will Riker.
You must be aware that every female has her price.
You must be conscious during the implantation.
You must be holding something.
You must be hungry.
You must be in heaven.
You must be in here somewhere.
You must be mistaken.
You must be new to these Galaxy class starships, sir.
You must be strong.
You must be very bored, Q.
You must be very special.
You must build Masaka's temple.
You must calm your people.
You must cease your descent.
You must come down.
You must come from a very distant place.
You must come with me.
You must come.
You must comply.
You must contact the Trill quickly.
You must convince me.
You must deal with this, Captain.
You must decide if he's telling the truth.
You must do what you have to do.
You must do what you think best, Data.
You must do what you think is best for him.
You must earn victory.
You must ensure my installation.
You must evacuate them as soon as possible.
You must find its meaning.
You must forgive the doctor.
You must get Data back to the Enterprise.
You must get the vaccine from the planet, Captain.
You must go down to Mintaka Three.
You must go now.
You must go on working on the retrovirus.
You must have Klingon blood in your veins.
You must have Klingon blood.
You must have a fascinating perspective into biocybernetic research.
You must have been asleep, Portal, for hundreds of thousands of our years.
You must have been one hell of a bartender.
You must have had a nice day.
You must have heard it.
You must have known that change would be passed on to others.
You must have overslept.
You must have some idea how things have changed.
You must have some need for that.
You must have wanted to help us fight them off.
You must help me to execute a controlled shut down of this experiment.
You must help us to save him.
You must hurry, Commander.
You must kill them all before it's too late.
You must know we will not allow you to do this.
You must lead me to the camp.
You must leave now, cha'DIch.
You must leave this body.
You must let her see the fire in your eyes.
You must let him go, Riker.
You must listen.
You must love her very much.
You must make a list of your responsibilities, too.
You must miss him very much.
You must not blame yourself.
You must not drink the tea.
You must not go alone.
You must not hurt my friends.
You must not kneel to me.
You must not pursue relations with them.
You must not stay here.
You must not take me home, Captain.
You must observe all human customs.
You must play poker, Commander.
You must preserve the peace, no matter what the cost.
You must progress in your own way.
You must promise them never reveal to their secret.
You must protect me.
You must realise that everything I'm about to say cannot leave this room.
You must remain here where it is safe.
You must remove the creatures.
You must return to your world and put an end to the commies.
You must set your phaser on kill.
You must slow your rate of approach.
You must stop!
You must stop.
You must tell Picard where he is.
You must tell me more about Darmok and Jalad.
You must tell me more of this wisdom, so much like our own.
You must tell me.
You must think Caldonia very insular, Mister Ral.
You must think I've gone mad.
You must think of the future, of the Empire.
You must think us heartless brutes, Captain, but look at our side of it.
You must trust him.
You must trust me.
You must trust us.
You must trust yourselves.
You must try to do this.
You must understand my duties as well.
You must understand that I cannot make such an assumption.
You must understand that.
You must understand, whoever I seem to be, I am Odan, who loved you.
You must!
You must've grown up like I did, trapped between cultures.
You must, sir.
You mustn't push yourself too quickly.
You mustn't think any more about this.
You named the Borg?
You nearly killed a crewmember.
You need a bigger head.
You need a husband.
You need a knot that'll tighten under pressure.
You need excitement.
You need help to fight the family of Duras.
You need me here.
You need me?
You need no one but yourselves.
You need not bother Gowron with this matter.
You need not make the same mistake.
You need proof?
You need rest, Commander.
You need some rest, Doctor.
You need the sign.
You need time, Picard of the Enterprise?
You need to be at my side.
You need to control everything and everyone.
You need to get to Sickbay.
You need to learn how to slow down.
You need to rest.
You need to take it to the Captain, then fine.
You need to understand that we thought you'd been murdered.
You need us to run the ship more than we need you to command it.
You needed me, Lieutenant?
You needed me.
You needed to get your bearings.
You needn't destroy us.
You needn't worry about a thing.
You needn't worry about it any longer.
You needn't.
You negotiated a release of the hostages with Karnas before.
You nervous?
You never answered my question.
You never assume anything where Lwaxana Troi is concerned.
You never come back.
You never did have much of a sense of humour.
You never did.
You never do leave the office.
You never do.
You never gave it a chance.
You never had any intention of obeying the Captain.
You never have, Dad.
You never heard anyone whine and complain so much about quarters as she did.
You never heard of any of them.
You never intended to burn that second disc.
You never know till you try.
You never know what we might find.
You never know who you'll meet on the Orient Express.
You never know.
You never met her.
You never once raised your voice to me.
You never ordered me not to discuss this with the Captain.
You never really look for something until you need it.
You never seemed that interested in warp theory before.
You never talk about yourself.
You never talk much about him.
You never told me about this.
You never told me that.
You never told me you knew him.
You never told me you were such a lady's man.
You no longer have the choice.
You not listen.
You now have one hour free before the next test.
You now have warp engines available.
You now request permission to beam down to the planet.
You obey.
You obtuse piece of flotsam.
You obviously share the same convictions.
You offend us!
You offer Riker jealousy.
You offer him nothing.
You offer it like a prize when in fact it's an insult.
You offered a fair price.
You once asked me what I'm like when I'm alone.
You only ask to torment me.
You only care about what you can take.
You only dislike me.
You only have to concede to one demand.
You only think that because he's your CO.
You opened up to me.
You or Garvin or anyone else.
You or I could learn to live with that disability, but not Worf.
You ordered her, you mean.
You ordered him not to leave.
You ordered me to report to the Bridge, sir.
You ought to check the flow capacitor.
You ought to take lessons.
You over there, you there.
You overrate your gift.
You owe me something.
You owe me that much.
You owe me, old man.
You owe me.
You passed everything else.
You passed.
You people haven't changed in a hundred years.
You picked a wonderful locale.
You picked up the tap dancing so quickly.
You picking up anything at altitude, Data?
You plan to leave the Enterprise.
You play the butler.
You play the klavion?
You poor dear, don't they ever let you change those colourless outfits?
You poor fools, your own creation destroyed you.
You possess a sense that is foreign to the others.
You possess their thoughts?
You prefer playing the flute, of course.
You pretend to support him, but secretly you want him to fail.
You probably don't even remember me.
You probably know more about the layouts than anyone here.
You probably saw some surgical masks and gloves.
You probably want to be alone.
You probably wouldn't understand that either.
You probed the Enterprise.
You promised the prisoners will not be harmed.
You promised.
You pulled yourself out of their time.
You pulled yourself out of time, don't you see?
You put colour on your mouths, and your eyes, your cheeks, your fingernails.
You put grape juice in the eggs.
You put us on trial for the crimes of humanity.
You put yourself in grave danger.
You reacted fast, Mister Worf.
You read all this, telepathically?
You ready to work?
You realise that it is very possible the Enterprise-C will fail.
You realise the only way to inspect them is to crawl inside.
You realise your career is finished.
You really are a scamp, aren't you.
You really are looking much better.
You really believe I would leave you here?
You really believe that stuff, don't you, Commodore?
You really do that cadet uniform justice, Wesley.
You really have kept up, haven't you?
You really look like you could use some rest, Wesley.
You really shouldn't go outside.
You really think Endar would go along with that?
You really think there's money in those things?
You really think we'll have to leave Tau Cygna Five?
You really, you really don't have to do that.
You received my message.
You record every second of every moment of your life.
You release that transporter lockout now.
You release the command codes and we'll talk.
You remember Commander Riker.
You remember I was always proud of you.
You remember Mister Homn, of course.
You remember him now?
You remember it, don't you?
You remember me.
You remember me?
You remember.
You remembered such vivid detail.
You remind me of Viscount Oglethorpe.
You reminded us that there are obligations that go beyond duty.
You requested this posting?
You resigned?
You restored Liko's life.
You risk your patient's lives and justify it in the name of research.
You robbed the Klingons of who they were.
You run your diagnostic.
You sabotaged my ship.
You said I can't.
You said I was fine.
You said I was terrified.
You said I've instead of I have.
You said among the Cairn, nothing is hidden.
You said death.
You said dissidents.
You said earlier that I am unique.
You said he was stationed there for six years.
You said he was unresponsive, that he never did the little things.
You said he'd figured it out.
You said in the transporter room that you could not read my mind.
You said it was Okona's.
You said it was important that I see you.
You said it, I didn't.
You said modern rite.
You said my life would never be dull, and it never has been.
You said no Klingon ever breaks his word.
You said nothing would change.
You said she was adopted.
You said she was perfect.
You said someone was touching your hair?
You said something happened when the panel was opened.
You said that I mock you.
You said that before.
You said that in your dream, we performed the play.
You said that once, remember?
You said that one of the competitors hit you over the head.
You said that the message came directly from Ambassador Spock.
You said that we could.
You said that you had been censured.
You said the personalities inside Data were in awe of her, even terrified.
You said there is no cure for Iverson's.
You said there was no way to stabilise the containment field from the Bridge.
You said there was other evidence they were involved.
You said there were eight.
You said there were only two of you left.
You said they would not have time.
You said they wouldn't amuse me.
You said those exact words to me before you went to serve on the Potemkin.
You said we could go see the gilvos again.
You said we were unconscious for thirty seconds?
You said we wouldn't have to lie to them.
You said we'd be high above it.
You said you damaged it when you were cutting it out of the shuttle.
You said you didn't want to hear about my other romances.
You said you felt a touch.
You said you felt something yourself.
You said you had responsibilities.
You said you had some kind of a vision there?
You said you had the realisation of impossible dreams to offer us.
You said you knew she was an android.
You said you regretted a great many things in your life.
You said you wanted me to be a warrior.
You said you wanted to see me?
You said you were expecting us.
You said you were trying to get to the weapons locker.
You said you were uneasy when you sat down at the conn.
You said you woke up a new woman this morning.
You said you'd reviewed her journals for the past five years.
You said you'd take me with you.
You said yourself that he already has doubt.
You said, I'm very thirsty.
You said, Miles, you make me feel so happy.
You saved my life.
You saved our lives.
You saved them, Will, you and the Enterprise.
You saw a few old friends who had already taken the test?
You saw exactly what you wanted to see in the holodeck.
You saw her.
You saw it happen.
You saw it just before you came here.
You saw me at the funeral.
You saw me.
You saw the Admiral on the Enterprise when he was en route to Mordan?
You saw the final blow.
You saw the footprints?
You saw the logs yourself.
You saw the mutations as a threat to your authority.
You saw what happened on the Lantree.
You saw what that thing was about to do.
You saw what they did.
You say almost.
You say one word and you're a dead man.
You say she had dark hair?
You say that as if you think that's what we all see.
You say that with remarkable assuredness.
You say there were others with him?
You say this is Earl Grey?
You say you are true evil?
You say you did it for him, but I do not believe he would have wanted that.
You say you wish to be alone yet you carry the Horga'hn.
You scare me, Doctor.
You search the structure.
You see grand, romantic concepts.
You see his leg?
You see how simple a request this is?
You see if you can access and disable the file server.
You see my problem, Admiral.
You see something here, Q?
You see them, don't you?
You see very clearly, Captain.
You see, Admiral, there are some very disturbing historical parallels here.
You see, Captain, I know what Hannah Bates is feeling.
You see, Captain, I told you there was nothing to worry about.
You see, Commander, on this world, everyone wants to be normal.
You see, Doctor, there's nothing wrong with my hearing.
You see, Doctors?
You see, Harry, I told you you were going to be an artist.
You see, I can't say.
You see, I feel the same way.
You see, I have had this conversation on other Starfleet vessels before.
You see, I was looking forward to the mystery.
You see, I'm dying.
You see, I'm just not convinced that you are telling the truth.
You see, I'm not convinced the boy has been abused, Doctor.
You see, I've given this fantasy as you call it, a life of its own.
You see, Lwaxana, I'm on my way home now to die.
You see, Picard?
You see, Shakespeare enjoyed mixing opposites.
You see, Tokath?
You see, Troi knows you.
You see, Wesley, in my eyes you're an acting ensign in title only.
You see, Willie is always making fun of me.
You see, both of your brains contain a simple homing device.
You see, he earned a promotion very quickly.
You see, he knows that the past is a very insistent voice inside of me.
You see, in the century I come from, they haven't even been invented yet.
You see, it's all slipping away so fast.
You see, it's human nature to love what we don't have.
You see, long ago we had two sexes, as you do.
You see, my people once lived in caves.
You see, of all species, yours cannot abide stagnation.
You see, one of the most important things in a person's life is to feel useful.
You see, only those whose hearts are joyous may enter.
You see, she cannot kill a hornbuck at a great distance.
You see, sir?
You see, that's called fishing for a compliment.
You see, the end is closer than you like to think.
You see, there's still this matter of the selfless act.
You see, they have no way of knowing how accurate our sensors are.
You see, this Jack Crusher won't exist by the time you're grown up.
You see, this is an engineered society.
You see, this was all been set up in advance.
You see, we are mortal.
You see, we haven't exactly met yet, really.
You see, we heard your message too and well, the fleet's in, Commodore.
You see, women, by our very nature, want only what is best for their men.
You see, you chose the violinists.
You seem a fine boy.
You seem a little taken with him yourself.
You seem a little vague on the specifics.
You seem awfully tense for a man who just came back from vacation.
You seem distracted.
You seem familiar.
You seem rather taken with her, JP.
You seem so strong in your support.
You seem somewhat subdued today.
You seem tense, preoccupied, somewhat smaller.
You seem to embody the very qualities that you hope to draw out in others.
You seem to find no tranquillity in anything.
You seem to find this all very amusing.
You seem to forget, Captain, that I am a Vulcan.
You seem to have lost the will to communicate with others.
You seem to have some need for humans.
You seem to know things about me, even though we've never met.
You seem to like rock climbing.
You seem unimpaled so far.
You seemed a bit overwhelmed by all the attention.
You seemed so happy just a few hours ago.
You seemed to delight in doing things that you knew would upset him.
You send Mistress Beata our regrets.
You sent for me, Doctor?
You sent for me, Milady?
You sent them a message.
You set out on a journey that wasn't your own.
You set the tone.
You shall have it.
You shall regret that.
You share all of those qualities in abundance.
You should all have been aware of that fact.
You should already know what you'll find there.
You should also implicitly trust me, is that not so?
You should also know that DaiMon Bok no longer commands this vessel.
You should always try out new material on an audience.
You should ask.
You should be able to convert it to store tissue samples.
You should be able to do that by flooding Ten Forward with ionogenic particles.
You should be able to install this in roughly five minutes.
You should be able to view us now.
You should be careful with that, brother.
You should be destroyed.
You should be detecting a disturbance.
You should be drawing, not killing people.
You should be more patient, Vekor.
You should be proud of the way you're handling command.
You should be proud of what you've accomplished.
You should be sleeping.
You should be.
You should come to the nursery while the puppies are still there.
You should feel bad, and you will pay for what you've done.
You should feel better in a couple of days.
You should feel his strength.
You should feel honoured.
You should get some rest.
You should go talk to him.
You should have a certain level of maturity.
You should have been the one to die, not her.
You should have killed him when you had the chance.
You should have killed me.
You should have left while you had the chance.
You should have listened to me at the beginning.
You should have listened to me, kid.
You should have notified the Federation authorities.
You should have partial shielding in thirty minutes.
You should have power now.
You should have seen him, Worf.
You should have seen the first two.
You should have stayed where you belonged.
You should have them.
You should have tried it while you were still alive.
You should hone your abilities.
You should know that is impossible.
You should know that the vote was not unanimous.
You should know.
You should learn not to limit your options.
You should lie down.
You should listen more carefully.
You should listen to her, Captain.
You should love me now.
You should make use of them.
You should never have interfered.
You should not be here until your far, far distant future.
You should not be involved in this, human.
You should not have a headache unless there's something wrong, sir.
You should not have brought the challenge.
You should not have come here, Worf.
You should not have come.
You should not have disobeyed me.
You should not have kept this from me.
You should proceed with your mission.
You should prove an interesting challenge.
You should prove to be an interesting challenge.
You should read more history, Ensign.
You should read more history, Number One.
You should rest as well.
You should rest.
You should take it to Commander La Forge in Engineering.
You should take it with you.
You should take some lessons from the QE Two.
You should trust that.
You should try down at the docks.
You should write a scientific paper.
You should've moved the bishop.
You should've seen that one coming.
You should, you know.
You shouldn't be drinking a stimulant at this time of night.
You shouldn't be here, Wesley.
You shouldn't be outside so long.
You shouldn't feel that way, Sam.
You shouldn't have come.
You shouldn't have gone to all this trouble.
You shouldn't have said it, Nick.
You shouldn't have to wait too long for the results.
You shouldn't.
You show promise, my good fellow.
You silver-tongued devil.
You simply cannot let this civilisation die.
You simply do not understand.
You simply don't understand, do you?
You sit tight, boy.
You solve the cases and get all the gifts, what do I do?
You sound eager for us to try.
You sound like Data.
You sound like my mother.
You sound like you don't want to be an android.
You sound like you're sizing up a commodity.
You sound like you've already lost, Worf.
You sound so alone.
You sound surprised.
You soured the milk.
You speak Hahliian.
You speak as my father would if he were here, Picard.
You speak for your people.
You speak the language of diplomacy very well, Captain.
You spend time with me when I was lonely, you encouraged me when I'm down.
You spoke of rocks and dust on the planet.
You spoke to him?
You spoke to me in French.
You stabbed him.
You stand alone.
You stand to lose nothing, either way the challenge goes.
You start and I'll jump in.
You state your business.
You stay behind me.
You stay here.
You stay on in this house and you keep that damned candle.
You stay put.
You still can make jokes.
You still do not believe it is me, do you Worf?
You still do not listen.
You still expect people to solve the problems you create.
You still have no theory as to what's causing it?
You still haven't answered my question, Sarek.
You still play?
You still talk to it?
You still try to blame us.
You still turned out deadly dull.
You still wish you'd killed me?
You stole it from one of the food trays.
You stood by him before the Council.
You stop it.
You stopped them.
You struck me!
You struggle against the inevitable.
You struggled with one of the attendants and hit your head on a door.
You succeeded.
You suggest bribery.
You sure fooled them, though.
You sure got a way with women, Sheriff.
You sure you're okay?
You surprise me, Captain.
You surreptitiously placed the edge of your left thumb against the card.
You suspect trouble?
You swear well, Picard.
You take a big piece of clay like this, and push your hand into it.
You take care of yourself out there.
You take good care of that.
You take short cuts, right through living tissue.
You take two flat pieces of wood or plastic, a bandage.
You talk and you talk but you have no guramba.
You talk like a Ferengi.
You talk so much about being a warrior, about honour and death.
You talk to me of truth?
You talk to the guests and try to find out who or what they are.
You taught me that word means my beloved.
You taught me to look beyond the moment.
You taught me without ever having to say a word.
You tell me what you were going to say.
You tend to suppress them.
You tend to underestimate humans, my brother.
You then implied a reward.
You think I could do that?
You think I'm about to crack?
You think Worf's chewing her out?
You think a great deal about humanity and you're an honest researcher.
You think anybody here's got a guitar I could borrow?
You think he was murdered?
You think he's attracted to you, but he isn't.
You think one of these imitations can take the place of a hand wrapped Havana?
You think our visitors pose a threat?
You think perhaps it might be uncomfortable?
You think that I'm senile, that all this is just a delusion.
You think that she lied?
You think that's something?
You think they're weak.
You think this is funny?
You think this thing was alive?
You think this, your life, is a dream?
You think we are not smart.
You think we got their attention, Data?
You think we sent ourselves a message?
You think we're pushing him too hard?
You think you can kill a cop and get away with it?
You think you can turn your back on them.
You think you could check them through for anomalies?
You think you found a cure?
You think you have all the time in the world, until.
You think you're going to be killed?
You think you're going to scare Mickey D with that gun?
You think you're tough, Hill, but you're nothing!
You thought it would amuse you, but it didn't.
You thought that I would be this woman.
You thought you could handle it, so handle it.
You thought you could hide him from me, didn't you?
You thrive on conflict.
You told a joke.
You told me I'd be helpful.
You told me he would be ready to go.
You told me that old Peretor Sain had ordered your father's assassination.
You told me that yesterday, not today!
You told me that you wanted arms to destroy him.
You told me they couldn't be trusted.
You told me to improvise.
You told me you carried some of my son's memories.
You told me your four days on Zytchin Three were wonderful.
You told the truth up to a point.
You told them where to find us.
You too will be assimilated.
You too, Doctor.
You too, Mom.
You too, sir.
You took me apart.
You took my last chip.
You took some unnecessary personal risks, Number One.
You took the best qualities of humanity and made them part of you.
You took the first step, Wesley.
You took this weapon from the rebels?
You took your ship through their shields?
You tormented them.
You transferred some of his belongings from the Stargazer?
You treat her like a lady, and she'll always bring you home.
You treat me like some frail flower.
You tried to escape.
You tried to kill whatever that is on the Borg ship.
You tried to warn me.
You trusted me, you encouraged me, and most of all you made me laugh.
You try it.
You try talking to Worf, Geordi.
You turned off my music.
You two can begin by connecting the coil to the chamber.
You two go ahead.
You two go down to the lobby and see if there's anything that we've missed.
You two go have a good time.
You two have successfully divided the evening between you.
You two, sit down.
You underestimate her.
You underestimate me.
You underestimate us if you believe this abduction is any concern.
You underestimated me in your Sickbay.
You undermine our very way of life.
You understand I will not cooperate with you in any way.
You understand about the real world?
You understand nothing.
You understand that?
You understand the Klingons better than I thought, Commander.
You understand the difficult position in which I'm placed.
You understand this will not be lethal.
You understand your orders?
You understand, don't you?
You understand.
You understood, at least a little, how I felt.
You up and running, Brevelle?
You use any excuse you can to pay him a visit.
You use maximum.
You used a contraction, didn't you?
You used me in order to get to the last few you couldn't reach.
You used them as slave labourers.
You used this man to test one of your theories?
You used to be just a second rate officer, now you're a traitor and a coward.
You used to be our enemies.
You used to have it for me.
You used to withdraw onto the holodeck.
You value it?
You violated our agreement.
You violated the Prime Directive with the Edo.
You wait here, Oji.
You waiting for something?
You walk away from all the people who care about you?
You walked out on me.
You want Federation involvement?
You want I should throw him in the garbage, boss?
You want him.
You want him?
You want me to bring you back a souvenir?
You want me to give you transportation?
You want me to go to Sherwood Forest at this time of night?
You want me to raise Alexander?
You want me to stay away from Salia?
You want me to take off your head?
You want me, don't you?
You want my advice?
You want power?
You want something from us, desperately.
You want the answer to the only question on your mind.
You want them to dislike you.
You want them?
You want to be hungry, be hungry.
You want to be treated as a human?
You want to clone us?
You want to double back on our course, sir?
You want to fight with me?
You want to hear it anyway.
You want to hurt us.
You want to know all about your mission.
You want to know if I had some special technique?
You want to know why I have chased him across this system?
You want to leave.
You want to repair them, you'll have to learn to do it yourselves.
You want to review your rapid progress?
You want to see your people?
You want to speak to Gosheven.
You want to tell me about it?
You want to try again?
You want to try it all.
You want us to believe that all your abnormalities are inherited genetic traits?
You want us to kill him, Senor Frank?
You want us to search through all this to find him?
You wanted a chance to make law.
You wanted her to suffer.
You wanted me to say I need you.
You wanted me, Doctor?
You wanted me?
You wanted someone with a history of disobedience?
You wanted to be told when the cultures were ready.
You wanted to frighten us.
You wanted to know who I am.
You wanted to see me, Mister Data?
You wanted to see me, sir?
You wanted to see me.
You wanted to show us that we were inadequate.
You wanted to talk with me?
You waste time and resources on defective children.
You waste your time.
You went back to the Enterprise for that?
You were Lieutenant Kwan's supervisor at Utopia Planitia?
You were Will's first commanding officer, on the Pegasus.
You were a bit rude to me.
You were a bully.
You were a colleague of Doctor Soong?
You were a jumper all right.
You were a little off pitch, but I think I can take care of that.
You were abducted during the mission to Tilonus Four.
You were about to say?
You were always so serious on the Pegasus.
You were always welcome.
You were asking for it, you know.
You were at fault.
You were attempting to move in for the kill.
You were barely out of diapers when she died.
You were being sent to talk, to negotiate.
You were bluffing.
You were both materialised from a complete pattern.
You were captured.
You were cheating.
You were completely shut down.
You were correct to suspect him, sir.
You were curious, weren't you?
You were down a good thirty seconds.
You were downright rude, in fact.
You were everything to him.
You were five seconds slower that time.
You were going to mention something else?
You were helpful.
You were her friends.
You were hired to locate a certain object.
You were honest with him, Mother.
You were in Ferengi space!
You were in Starfleet.
You were in a space module.
You were in command of the away team.
You were in the minority.
You were in the sensor maintenance room.
You were just a baby.
You were just a child then.
You were just a kid.
You were just being human.
You were just in here last week.
You were just lying out there in the open?
You were just thinking of me, weren't you?
You were knocked unconscious by the fall.
You were left alone.
You were like a baby, at first.
You were like a brother to me.
You were lucky, Kurn, but luck always runs out.
You were married to my best friend.
You were meant for the Doctor.
You were most convincing.
You were motionless for three minutes eleven seconds.
You were much as my people once were.
You were never considered a danger to us, Captain.
You were never good at drawing.
You were never too hurt for anything.
You were not affected?
You were not functioning properly.
You were on an undercover mission to Tilonus Four.
You were on the surface during the attack?
You were on thought you were on Chandra Five.
You were our key spokesman in securing the alliance with the Romulans.
You were part of that colony.
You were put into a psychiatric hospital.
You were really surprised they came back.
You were right about one thing, Koroth.
You were right not to try.
You were right, Captain, we've got company.
You were right, Tallera.
You were right, sir.
You were right, though.
You were rude.
You were saying about the Cardassians?
You were saying its big as life.
You were saying?
You were sitting there.
You were smart not to try.
You were so eager, you tried to take the beast with your bare hands.
You were so kind and attentive.
You were speaking of your belief that I suffer from Bendii Syndrome.
You were speaking the truth.
You were specifically told that.
You were struggling, screaming.
You were such a beautiful baby.
You were such a rotten swimmer, Louis.
You were supposed to be prepared.
You were supposed to report here at eight hundred hours.
You were surprised.
You were taking her to places that were inappropriate, even dangerous.
You were telling me about their immune system.
You were terrific!
You were terrified of something you couldn't understand.
You were testing if you can replicate the vaccine.
You were the captain.
You were the first to arrive in this system.
You were there in the cavern.
You were there, all dressed in black.
You were thinking it?
You were together?
You were told.
You were too busy doing your duty.
You were too busy with work.
You were too slow.
You were too young to understand and I was too hurt to explain.
You were transporting a Vulcan ambassador, T'Pel.
You were treated violently by the Borg.
You were trying to analyze it and messed up on protocol a little.
You were unstable.
You were very quick to volunteer.
You were waiting for me.
You were with Penthar-Mul when he died.
You were with me on Setlick.
You were wonderful, Worf.
You were wonderful.
You were?
You weren't kidding, Mister Data.
You weren't like that before the beard.
You weren't this aloof six years ago.
You weren't under fire.
You who have the heart of an explorer and the soul of a poet.
You will abandon that mission, Captain.
You will accompany me on board.
You will accompany me, Doctor?
You will address me as Captain.
You will address me as Commander or sir at all times.
You will agree, Data, that Starfleet's orders are difficult?
You will all become one with the Borg.
You will always be welcome aboard this ship, Admiral.
You will annihilate your own world.
You will answer the charges, criminals.
You will arrange medical and psychiatric exams of both yourself and them.
You will as you mature, darling.
You will assist Mister La Forge.
You will assist us to assimilate this vessel.
You will assist us.
You will be able to reengage your engines in approximately eight hours.
You will be catered to, fawned over, cared for as you never have been before.
You will be condemned.
You will be destroyed.
You will be happy to see me leave.
You will be held accountable.
You will be judged on your prowess with the blade.
You will be killed because I was naive, too weak to be able to protect you.
You will be obsolete in the new order.
You will be on your own and under Cardassian jurisdiction.
You will be.
You will become one with the Borg.
You will become part of my family now and for all time.
You will begin your search there.
You will bring it to the Bridge, immediately.
You will carry out my orders or I will relieve you of duty.
You will cease battle operations immediately.
You will checkmate my king in seven moves.
You will come with me to the main Bridge.
You will command the saucer section, Lieutenant.
You will conceal your knowledge of the Paxans for as long as you exist.
You will cooperate or someone will die.
You will cooperate, Captain.
You will deactivate this cell immediately!
You will defeat him easily.
You will die never having seen the faces of your killers.
You will die slowly, Duras.
You will die too, Picard.
You will die without honour.
You will display your image, please.
You will do as I say.
You will enjoy this one.
You will entertain me and you will entertain my guests.
You will escort him to Mister La Forge in Engineering.
You will excuse us.
You will find all this in Starfleet records.
You will find him very useful in Sector Vega-Omicron.
You will find out what is wrong on this ship.
You will find out.
You will find such a device, Captain.
You will find that there are many rules on starships that must be learnt.
You will find that we are prepared for them.
You will follow Starfleet uniform code aboard this ship, Ensign.
You will forgive me if I don't stay.
You will get what you deserve.
You will give it to us immediately so that we may return with it.
You will give the order to fire, Commander Riker.
You will go back to Romulus empty-handed.
You will go to our quarters and remain there until I return.
You will go with him.
You will have me to talk to.
You will have to be here completely to help her back.
You will have to establish a new link.
You will have to help me in the pronunciation of this scroll.
You will have to kill me first.
You will have to kill us to keep us here.
You will have to release your computer control lockouts.
You will hear from me in twenty days.
You will immediately cease all attempts at communication with our people.
You will injure yourself as you once injured me.
You will just move it again, and I will not help you hurt him.
You will keep me informed of our progress.
You will know.
You will lead because you are accepted by both sides.
You will lead it?
You will leave at once.
You will leave immediately.
You will let me know if you find the play?
You will listen!
You will make more.
You will need to activate the field at the precise moment you enter the fissure.
You will never attain the twenty fourth level of awareness.
You will never catch me.
You will never leave this ship alive.
You will no longer harm these people, Sunad.
You will not be able to get to it.
You will not be allowed to present this evidence.
You will not be extinguished.
You will not be harmed.
You will not leave because you find me irresistible.
You will not profit by them.
You will not stop me.
You will not support me?
You will not survive ours.
You will not touch it.
You will not wear the emblems of our people.
You will not.
You will now answer to the charge of being a grievously savage race.
You will now return control of this vessel to the Bridge where it belongs.
You will of course adjust the temperature to a civilised level?
You will only harm Counsellor Troi's body.
You will plot a course for the Draken System.
You will reach your new home.
You will receive no absolution from me.
You will release the computer and show Morta exactly how to use it.
You will remain here until summoned.
You will remove all the furniture from the room.
You will report your observations to Lieutenant Worf.
You will respond to my questions.
You will return him to us immediately.
You will return to your chair and you will sit there.
You will return what is ours.
You will see there are.
You will set a course.
You will show the proper respect.
You will still not be able to stand against him.
You will still not survive our assault.
You will surrender yourself or we will destroy your ship.
You will surrender yourself to the authorities.
You will take me there.
You will take me to the conference room, please.
You will take orders from me and no one else.
You will tell him that, Harry, and I will tell him how much I admire his son.
You will wait for me in the corridor.
You will walk or I will carry you.
You will wish to know Lieutenant Worf is much improved.
You will withdraw or I will be forced to destroy your ship and your away team.
You will, in your own way.
You willingly came aboard a ship with over a thousand people.
You win, you're called a general.
You wish to be assimilated?
You wish to discuss surrender, Captain Picard?
You wished to see me, Captain.
You witnessed both the explosion and the kidnapping.
You won't be running any longer.
You won't be sorry.
You won't catch me humiliating myself for a woman even if she were a queen.
You won't even acknowledge that he's yours.
You won't find a better dish of chocolate anywhere.
You won't find anyone here on this ship to help you escape.
You won't hurt me.
You won't kill me.
You won't let me have my music, you won't let me make the B'Nar!
You won't mind if I don't take your word for it?
You won't need that.
You won't need those.
You won't regret it, Jean-Luc.
You won't tell anybody, will you?
You wonderfully jealous fool, you.
You work so hard at torturing yourself, I can only think you must enjoy it.
You work with females, arm them, and force them to wear clothing.
You worked in a lab on a static model.
You worry too much, Little One.
You worry too much, Worf.
You would be better off without my help.
You would be preserving yourself.
You would be so despicable?
You would be welcome there.
You would be wise to learn them.
You would be wonderful, Jean-Luc.
You would become his surrogate mother.
You would dare to accuse me of stealing?
You would dare to insult my father's name?
You would dishonour our sacred traditions?
You would do this in open council?
You would have been standing in the fire.
You would have destroyed the Enterprise.
You would have gone through with the oath, wouldn't you?
You would have had a lot more fun if you'd lost.
You would have insisted that we take the oath, just as tradition would demand.
You would have me make the decision for you, nut I can't do that.
You would have me stand idly by as she lead you to your destruction?
You would have suffocated and died.
You would have the power to mold the Klingon heart.
You would have us harm her?
You would ignore the welfare of the colony for your own selfish interests.
You would ignore them as they infiltrate and spy on us.
You would know if I am lying.
You would like my opinion about you and Commander Daren.
You would measure territories against a man's life?
You would never have to see her again.
You would not be so agile if you lacked its counterbalance.
You would not consider it to be an honour?
You would question my fitness to raise my own son?
You would see like everyone else.
You would see them die rather than share the medicine?
You would test the Captain's word with me, Kell?
You would weep at the harmony between us.
You would.
You wouldn't be capable of interfering.
You wouldn't be running for mayor, would you?
You wouldn't believe how many hours that I've logged in shuttlecraft.
You wouldn't believe the dreams I was having.
You wouldn't believe what I've been going through.
You wouldn't believe what I've been reading about in my grandmother's journals.
You wouldn't believe what's going on in Engineering.
You wouldn't dare.
You wouldn't happen to know a place like that?
You wouldn't have recognised her.
You wouldn't have something like that on your Enterprise would you?
You wouldn't hear me out.
You wouldn't let her do what she wanted to, or go where she wanted to.
You wouldn't stand a chance.
You wouldn't want him.
You wouldn't want to lose her because we acted too quickly.
You wouldn't, but in my view, life is already too convenient.
You wound me, Jean-Luc.
You wound me, mon capitaine.
You wrote this holodeck programme yourself?
You yourself said, the Uthat belongs to the future.
You'd be left with a completely altered personality.
You'd be most welcome.
You'd be rid of her.
You'd be surprised at some of the things I find on board these ships.
You'd be surprised how far a hug goes with Geordi, or Worf.
You'd be surprised, Data.
You'd better beam us directly on board.
You'd better check it out.
You'd better come down here right away.
You'd better destroy it.
You'd better fire those torpedoes while we're still in front of the wave.
You'd better get innovative.
You'd better go.
You'd better leave.
You'd better listen to this.
You'd better run a complete scan.
You'd better take a look at it, Mister Data.
You'd better take a look at this.
You'd better transport him back on board.
You'd die instantly, if that's what you want.
You'd do anything to feel that way again, even if it meant killing someone.
You'd feel better if you did.
You'd have made a fine choice.
You'd have made a good father.
You'd have to ask the Captain.
You'd have to have some pretty good evidence to convince me of that.
You'd know it wasn't true.
You'd let me do that?
You'd let me go without saying another word, wouldn't you?
You'd let me throw my career away just to save your neck?
You'd like to feel that way again.
You'd make a good counsellor.
You'd make a hell of a sideman.
You'd never recognise it.
You'd never settle for less than that and you never will.
You'd never survive.
You'd remember him.
You'd think she'd at least get to her own wedding on time.
You'd think they'd at least give us a hint.
You'll accomplish nothing with that attitude.
You'll agree that this is a fairly routine mapping mission?
You'll agree that we should quarantine the Lantree.
You'll always be welcome here, Reg.
You'll be a big hit in London.
You'll be able to see him now, sir.
You'll be able to shape the minds of the future leaders of Starfleet.
You'll be alright.
You'll be better next time.
You'll be fine.
You'll be killed!
You'll be leaving soon.
You'll be one of us soon.
You'll be out of recovery in four hours.
You'll be perfectly safe.
You'll be pleased to know that we've terminated the infection.
You'll be protected on our ship.
You'll be ready.
You'll be returned home as soon as we finished our investigation.
You'll be safe on the Enterprise.
You'll be telling your grandchildren how you were there at Penthara Four.
You'll be the only one on board the Enterprise, Lal.
You'll be with him again, Doctor.
You'll blow up the entire firomactal drive.
You'll come, even if you don't have much honour left.
You'll die like a Klingon.
You'll do fine on your exams.
You'll do fine.
You'll do it.
You'll do whatever I say?
You'll excuse me, Commander.
You'll excuse me?
You'll explain now, Commander.
You'll feel a bit of tingling.
You'll find Ferengi demands carry little weight with me.
You'll find LaForge in the Romulan engine room.
You'll find him able to talk to you.
You'll find him hard at work on deck thirty six.
You'll find out.
You'll find them coded in the Enterprise computer.
You'll find this most intriguing, sir.
You'll find young people your age there.
You'll fire?
You'll forgive me if I skip the formalities given the circumstances.
You'll get no argument from me.
You'll get only one shot.
You'll get used to it.
You'll handle him, sir.
You'll have a fresh litter of hungry kittens before the week is over.
You'll have a little tenderness for a few days.
You'll have it tonight, Admiral.
You'll have it.
You'll have no chance to ask them later.
You'll have no choice.
You'll have to back me up somehow.
You'll have to be a little more precise.
You'll have to be more than the sum of your programming.
You'll have to call again.
You'll have to deal with me, Karnas.
You'll have to decide that for yourself.
You'll have to discuss it with me.
You'll have to fill in, Number One.
You'll have to get him out into the corridor.
You'll have to give him continuous readouts on energy consumption.
You'll have to go find one of your own.
You'll have to go to the front desk.
You'll have to handle this.
You'll have to interpret for me.
You'll have to learn to expect the unexpected.
You'll have to tell me where I am.
You'll have to treat him that way.
You'll have to turn up the input gain to maintain my connection.
You'll have use for it some day.
You'll have warp drive, Captain, though it may not be what you expected.
You'll inform me when loading is complete and the cargo secure.
You'll just have to read my books.
You'll just have to trust me.
You'll leave immediately.
You'll let me beam them?
You'll like it.
You'll like this.
You'll live on Atlec.
You'll live on Straleb.
You'll love it, I promise.
You'll make a fine judge.
You'll make hasperat and I'll make blueberry pie.
You'll make no move against him unless I order it.
You'll need a cha'DIch to defend you.
You'll need to extend the shields once it clears the hull.
You'll need to remain within twenty kilometres in order to receive telemetry.
You'll never be able to find him.
You'll never escape that way.
You'll never get away with this.
You'll never get out of this building.
You'll never look at your hairline again in the same way.
You'll not see many more like her.
You'll notice a demilitarised zone has also been created along the border.
You'll regret this, stranger.
You'll regret this.
You'll remain here.
You'll remember you ordered him to stay off of the Bridge.
You'll see how tough Mickey D is.
You'll see my name in print, too.
You'll see that I'm right.
You'll see that this kind of participatory government works for everyone.
You'll see, Counsellor.
You'll sleep Klingon style.
You'll soon be headed home.
You'll soon have control of your ship.
You'll take the conn.
You'll take us a few hundred metres away from the Enterprise and hold position.
You'll take your meals with us but we do not serve Federation food.
You'll understand soon, Picard.
You'll wear yourself out.
You'll what?
You'll write, won't you?
You're Betazoid.
You're Data.
You're Katik Shaw, the waiter from the Lumar Cafe.
You're Lieutenant Nara, aren't you?
You're Q.
You're Robin Hood!
You're Starfleet officers.
You're Starfleet.
You're Worf's parents?
You're a Commander and First Officer.
You're a Klingon, aren't you.
You're a Klingon.
You're a Starfleet officer.
You're a coward, Alkar.
You're a credit to that uniform.
You're a culture of one, which is no less valid than a culture of one billion.
You're a damn thief!
You're a dead man, Apgar.
You're a doctor on a Federation starship.
You're a fake.
You're a fine young man.
You're a fool, Picard.
You're a fourth year Starfleet cadet.
You're a good man.
You're a logistics officer.
You're a long way from home.
You're a man obsessed with what you does.
You're a man of many talents, Jean-Luc.
You're a musician.
You're a part of my life, and I'm a part of yours.
You're a pilot yourself, aren't you Geordi?
You're a pitiful excuse for a human.
You're a presence he trusts, and that's what he needs most right now.
You're a pretty hep lookin' broad.
You're a private dick.
You're a quick study.
You're a role model for them.
You're a short sighted people.
You're a thief.
You're a traitor.
You're a treasure beyond comparison.
You're a veritable fountain of good ideas.
You're a very attractive woman.
You're a very curious woman.
You're a very entertaining patient.
You're a very forgiving audience.
You're a very good officer.
You're a very lovely young lady.
You're a very lucky little boy.
You're a wise man, my friend.
You're a woman, right?
You're aboard the starship, my foolish old friend.
You're about to commit a murder.
You're absolutely right, Doctor.
You're absolutely wrong, Deanna.
You're absolutely wrong.
You're acquainted with Captain Picard?
You're actually here.
You're afraid of dying.
You're afraid of transporting, too?
You're afraid.
You're alive!
You're all I have.
You're all I've got.
You're all delusions.
You're all right!
You're all suffering from radiation poisoning.
You're all very calm.
You're almost broke.
You're also the food taster?
You're also very anxious about something.
You're always looking for good stories, right?
You're always so melodramatic, Little One.
You're always so serious.
You're an Ice man.
You're an android, correct?
You're an empath.
You're an excellent Chief Engineer, Lieutenant La Forge.
You're an excellent commander, but you'd make a poor sovereign.
You're an image of the original, aren't you?
You're an odd fellow, aren't you?
You're angry and impatient.
You're anthropomorphising these units.
You're as beautiful as I imagined, and more.
You're as handy with a shooting iron as you are with a woman's heart.
You're as stubborn as ever.
You're as vital and healthy a man as I've ever known.
You're ashamed of me.
You're asking us to believe in magic.
You're at the centre of town.
You're attracted to him.
You're authorised to do so.
You're aware of the risks, Mister O'Brien?
You're awfully quiet today.
You're back early.
You're back on your feet!
You're back.
You're beaming down to your world with the felicium.
You're becoming quite annoying, Sovak.
You're beginning to see conspiracies everywhere.
You're beginning to sound like your Captain.
You're beginning to sound very different from the Moriarty I've read about.
You're being a mother hen.
You're being quite rude, Mister Hill.
You're being very unfair, Wes.
You're better than good.
You're better than you think.
You're betting your life on a hypothesis.
You're blocking the suns.
You're both on the same mission, Captain.
You're bound to like one of them.
You're breathing.
You're busy?
You're certain about the atmospheric conditions, Data ?
You're certain he said they had to uncouple the Heisenberg compensators?
You're certain the Captain approved this, Doctor?
You're certain they'll negotiate?
You're certain this is Vulcan?
You're certain.
You're certainly not an old lady.
You're circling the room like a buzzard.
You're clear to increase to warp seven.
You're coming through clearly now.
You're coming to Mordan, Jameson, and you're going to negotiate for their lives.
You're coming to my rescue.
You're coming with me.
You're concerned about the Captain?
You're concerned about your image.
You're concerned the Kes are going to be admitted to the Federation.
You're confusing the boy.
You're controlling him, and you've corrupted the Borg.
You're convinced the string's gravitation is pulling them in?
You're crusty.
You're damn right!
You're damned right.
You're definitely better than you think.
You're describing the situation on this ship.
You're destroying yourself and anyone who is foolish enough to listen to you.
You're different.
You're dismissed, Commander.
You're dismissed, Mister Data.
You're doing all you can.
You're doing fine with me.
You're doing fine.
You're doing great.
You're doing it for Doctor Reyga, or yourself?
You're doing it right now.
You're doing very well.
You're dying.
You're empathic?
You're endangering Palmer with this delay.
You're enjoying yourself, aren't you?
You're entirely welcome, young lady.
You're entitled to that.
You're entitled.
You're envious of him.
You're excused, crewman.
You're experiencing the afterimages of the electromagnetic discharge.
You're facing a choice.
You're familiar with it?
You're familiar with them?
You're familiar with this life form?
You're far more charitable than I would have been, Captain.
You're far too important to me.
You're feeling better?
You're feeling profoundly sad.
You're feeling very vulnerable.
You're fine, but your psilosynine levels are a little low.
You're finished eating.
You're flatter me.
You're forcing yourself to hold back.
You're forgetting you responsibilities.
You're forgetting, Jean-Luc.
You're free to return to the planet and to make Rishon live again.
You're frightened.
You're from Tau Alpha C.
You're full of hot air.
You're gentle and kind.
You're getting better and better.
You're getting close to something, Lieutenant.
You're getting close, Data.
You're getting harder and harder to bluff, Data.
You're getting off right here.
You're getting old, Garvin.
You're getting old, Johnny.
You're giving me one of your shuttles?
You're glad to see your Captain.
You're going after the defector, aren't you?
You're going alone, Captain?
You're going away.
You're going back there alone.
You're going back.
You're going downtown.
You're going have to do something you don't want to do.
You're going there, aren't you?
You're going to be able to write the book on holodiction.
You're going to be all right.
You're going to be okay.
You're going to be sorry!
You're going to call my bluff, aren't you.
You're going to decide that?
You're going to deny us travel through space?
You're going to give me a Queen.
You're going to have to ask somebody else.
You're going to have to destroy it in order to escape.
You're going to have to find someone else.
You're going to have to increase the tolerance.
You're going to have to prove that you are who you say you are.
You're going to have to see the Hera again.
You're going to have to try to avoid telepathic communication for a while.
You're going to hurt yourself.
You're going to knock 'em dead.
You're going to miss me!
You're going to need all your patience at Seronia.
You're going to need it, Lieutenant.
You're going to need money.
You're going to need one heck of a pilot to pull that off.
You're going to need them.
You're going to put that thing on and parade around like one of them?
You're going to return to your bridge and set a course for Starbase two one one.
You're going to see the Captain?
You're going to separate?
You're going to tell me it's irrelevant that we'd be sending him to his death.
You're going to tell them what happened?
You're going to try to pose as Korgano?
You're going to turn us in?
You're going with them?
You're going with us whether you choose to go or not.
You're good.
You're guilty.
You're happy here.
You're happy, sure of yourself, in control.
You're hardly in a position to make any demands.
You're hearing reports as I hear them, nothing edited, nothing withheld.
You're here now.
You're here to witness this mission.
You're here, on Vulcan.
You're hired.
You're holding me too tight.
You're hurt.
You're ignoring my greater rank and experience.
You're imagining things.
You're in Ward forty seven of the Tilonus Institute for Mental Disorders.
You're in a position to compromise the security of the Federation.
You're in command now.
You're in contact with it.
You're in good shape.
You're in great danger.
You're in my way.
You're in no condition to leave yet.
You're in the crisis room at the Sikla Medical Facility.
You're incapable of that level of incompetence, Mister La Forge.
You're infected with the virus.
You're injured.
You're insane.
You're it!
You're joking with us, Captain.
You're jumpy.
You're just at the beginning of the adventure.
You're just going to have to hold things together a little while longer.
You're just in time.
You're just like L'Kor was twenty years ago.
You're just like my Father.
You're just shy, Barclay.
You're just stubborn.
You're just supposed to sit here?
You're just too damned efficient, Lieutenant.
You're kidding?
You're killing him.
You're late because of her.
You're laughing, but actually you're embarrassed by that incident.
You're leaving the ship?
You're leaving us?
You're less formal than any Starfleet officer I've ever met, Commander.
You're letting it get you much too upset.
You're limping.
You're locked into a single intent unable to change.
You're looking better, sir.
You're looking very handsome.
You're losing yourself in this this merging.
You're lucky I don't cast you out, or smite you or something.
You're lucky to be alive.
You're lucky you made it back at all, sir.
You're lucky.
You're lying!
You're lying, Setal.
You're making a grave mistake putting your trust in this woman.
You're making excellent progress.
You're making it up.
You're making me crazy.
You're making me hungry.
You're making quite an effort to be cheerful.
You're making some progress.
You're making your stand on very uncertain ground.
You're mine and I will not let you go.
You're mistaken, Sheriff.
You're mistaken, madam.
You're mistaken.
You're more relaxed than I've ever seen you.
You're moving too slowly.
You're much more comfortable with yourself than you used to be.
You're much more fun to play with than Fajo's new toy.
You're much too talented to be human.
You're my First Officer?
You're my Tactical Officer.
You're my best friend, Isabella.
You're my friend.
You're my nephew, Jean-Luc.
You're needed here immediately.
You're needed in transporter room two.
You're never going to feel good about this war.
You're next, Lieutenant.
You're next.
You're no Starfleet Admiral, Q.
You're no closer to passing.
You're no match for the Hollanders.
You're no prize yourself.
You're no smuggler and I don't think your name's Galen.
You're no use around here for now.
You're not Captain Picard.
You're not Minuet.
You're not Nana.
You're not a killer.
You're not a parent, Captain.
You're not a stranger.
You're not afraid of bats, are you, Worf?
You're not afraid of heights, are you, Doctor?
You're not afraid, are you.
You're not alone, you know.
You're not alone.
You're not as close to him as you'd like to be.
You're not as feeble as I thought you were.
You're not attending the dinner with the rest of us this evening?
You're not comfortable with servants.
You're not coming in?
You're not depressed, are you?
You're not even going to acknowledge what I did for him, are you.
You're not even looking at me.
You're not fine.
You're not frightened of me?
You're not from our village.
You're not going to be able to contain this much longer.
You're not going to be coddled.
You're not going to die.
You're not going to fall.
You're not going to get any of that from me.
You're not going to just hand it over, are you?
You're not going to let them do that, are you?
You're not going to run the tests yourself?
You're not going to try to save her yourself, sir?
You're not going to wear that.
You're not going?
You're not helping by giving him a lot of mixed messages.
You're not helping matters any.
You're not hurt.
You're not in a position to dictate to anybody.
You're not in danger here.
You're not in that camp anymore.
You're not intruding.
You're not involved in this decision, boy.
You're not involved.
You're not just acting, you're interacting.
You're not like any bartender I ever met before.
You're not like part of the family.
You're not like the other grown-ups.
You're not listening to me.
You're not my father.
You're not my mother.
You're not one of them yet, Geordi.
You're not one of them yet, but you could be, if you work at it.
You're not out of the honeymoon yet.
You're not part of my crew.
You're not prepared for what awaits you.
You're not quite human, are you?
You're not responsible for what happened to your parents, Timothy.
You're not responsible for what he did.
You're not serious.
You're not so bad yourself.
You're not suggesting I tell you the outcome of your efforts?
You're not supposed to be influencing the past, remember?
You're not supposed to do anything.
You're not supposed to.
You're not surprised.
You're not that old.
You're not thinking about leaving?
You're not thinking of taking us with you, are you?
You're not to Rex's bar, are you?
You're not too comfortable with me.
You're not trying to avoid this particular engagement, are you, Picard?
You're not turning into a philosopher, are you, Mister Data?
You're not used to drinking the real thing.
You're not used to playing with anyone, are you?
You're not worried about my weakening, are you?
You're not.
You're nothing to him.
You're now armed to the teeth.
You're obviously an intelligent being.
You're obviously not Scots yourself.
You're okay.
You're on board because of him.
You're on board the USS Enterprise.
You're on board the starship Enterprise.
You're on pad two.
You're on the USS Enterprise.
You're on your way and you're calling to reserve a holosuite programme?
You're on.
You're one of my top engineers.
You're only a baby, but it's remarkable.
You're only human?
You're our son.
You're out of line, Mister.
You're out of time.
You're out of your league.
You're out of your mind, Picard!
You're out-manned, you're out-gunned, you're out-equipped.
You're out.
You're over-analysing, Data.
You're overreacting as usual, Picard.
You're overstepping your authority, Picard.
You're overwhelmed with excitement.
You're part of Ambassador Spock's underground movement.
You're part of me, Worf.
You're part of my mother's mind.
You're perfect.
You're prepared to grant them independence?
You're present with my staff.
You're pretty stimulating yourself.
You're probably drawing on feelings that you're not used to expressing.
You're probably the only other person in the galaxy who could pick that up.
You're projecting elements from your delusions onto events that really happened.
You're pulling an old man's leg.
You're putting me off the Bridge?
You're putting too much pressure on the mouthpiece.
You're quicker than Starbase research.
You're quite a craftsman, Lieutenant La Forge.
You're quite right I wouldn't.
You're quite right, Picard, it's not rest we seek.
You're quite sure?
You're reading chroniton readings in here, but not from me?
You're ready to take command.
You're really going to help get us to New Vertiform City?
You're really good.
You're relieved of all medical duties until further notice.
You're relieved of duty, Commander.
You're relieved.
You're remarkably strong willed.
You're restricted to your quarters for the remainder of this mission.
You're right Picard.
You're right about that, Commander.
You're right on time.
You're right, I can't.
You're right, I don't.
You're right, I must hurry now.
You're right, I won't.
You're right, Mister Tholl.
You're right, Number One.
You're right, Q.
You're right, it is elevated.
You're right, of course, Captain.
You're right, we lied to your Commander.
You're risking a lot on the basis of a belief.
You're running out of time, Captain.
You're safe here.
You're safe now, Timothy.
You're safe.
You're saying I should just sit down, shut up and wait.
You're saying an entire base has already been established there?
You're saying he's dead?
You're saying there are holes in their defence system?
You're saying they.
You're saying this ship has lost nearly eight hundred of its personnel?
You're saying we're going to stall the Hathaway?
You're scanning for Bajoran lifesigns.
You're scaring me.
You're scheduled to be executed tomorrow.
You're scheming something, Mother.
You're scowling, Doctor.
You're sensing the truth.
You're set to go, Data.
You're showing elevated levels of psilosynine.
You're showing the same distorted readings.
You're shutting us off already.
You're sick.
You're slowing down there, Johnny.
You're smarting because you were beaten.
You're so attentive.
You're so lovely.
You're so serious.
You're so wrong.
You're sorry you came tonight?
You're sounding like a private eye, sir.
You're speaking of yourself, Q, not Guinan.
You're stalling for time.
You're staring at me.
You're starting to come out of your delusional state.
You're still a Starfleet captain.
You're still assuming this is some sort of a challenge ritual.
You're still fascinated with the human past?
You're still feverish.
You're still gambling hundreds of lives.
You're still here?
You're still my son.
You're still not well.
You're still the Captain.
You're still thinking like a human.
You're still troubled.
You're still with us on the Enterprise.
You're stretching my neck.
You're stronger today.
You're such a limited creature.
You're such a sweet little kitty.
You're suggesting he created the problem just to solve it?
You're supposed to be infallible!
You're supposed to be wise.
You're supposed to go to your mother's quarters.
You're supposed to tell me I still sparkle.
You're sure about this, sir?
You're sure my being here is not going to be disruptive?
You're sure you won't reconsider?
You're sure, Number One?
You're taking her, Captain.
You're taking it so seriously.
You're taking your duties quite seriously.
You're talking about a spinal column.
You're talking about killing Deanna!
You're talking about slavery.
You're talking to me, aren't you?
You're telling me that you're an eight hundred year old ghost?
You're telling me that's a kitty-cat?
You're telling me this is another computer glitch?
You're telling me you're not going to be naked at your own wedding?
You're ten years older.
You're the Captain, sir.
You're the JAG officer for this sector.
You're the Sheriff and I'm the deputy.
You're the android.
You're the best iron weaver in the community.
You're the cause of this, Ice man.
You're the chef?
You're the civilian advisor?
You're the collector now.
You're the first Benzite in Starfleet.
You're the first person to mention it.
You're the first.
You're the foreign investors.
You're the key to all this, aren't you?
You're the last.
You're the loneliest person in the world right now.
You're the nearest starship.
You're the next likely choice.
You're the oldest and so that makes you my Number One.
You're the one interfering.
You're the one keeping me away from him!
You're the one who outlined the stakes to me, N'Vek.
You're the one who said it.
You're the one who taught me.
You're the one who wants to be a starship captain.
You're the one who's going out to fight with his own son.
You're the only constant, the only person in both places.
You're the only one who has clearance to localise command functions.
You're the only one who needs a deal, Mot.
You're the only one who suffers.
You're the only person on board to undergo a memory probe by the Ullians.
You're the only thing that does.
You're the perfect example.
You're the third person today who's come to me with something like this.
You're the woman he was talking about?
You're thinking of that first childhood kiss.
You're thorough, dedicated.
You're through ducking me, Hill!
You're tired.
You're too good for him, if you ask me.
You're too late.
You're too much, Dix.
You're trying to confuse the issue.
You're trying to dump your problems on us.
You're trying to make me see that I have other abilities to draw on.
You're trying to take too much!
You're turn, Slick.
You're twenty one years old again.
You're two moves away from being mated.
You're uncivilised.
You're under tremendous pressure, more than you've ever experienced.
You're unusually limber this morning.
You're unwilling to make the attempt??
You're up early.
You're up to something.
You're upset.
You're used to fighting enemies like yourself.
You're using a Code Forty Seven.
You're using your own neural subprocessors to build a smarter phaser.
You're very clever at this.
You're very clever, Wesley.
You're very disciplined.
You're very fortunate.
You're very generous with your praise.
You're very generous.
You're very good with people.
You're very helpful.
You're very important to us at Starfleet Research.
You're very kind, sir.
You're very kind.
You're very smart, Jean-Luc, but I know human beings.
You're very, very much involved.
You're wanted by Starfleet.
You're wanted in the lounge.
You're wasting my time, Picard.
You're wasting time, Captain.
You're watching everything he does, Data?
You're welcome to give it a try.
You're welcome to join us.
You're welcome to make an appointment to come by my office.
You're welcome to try.
You're welcome, Captain.
You're welcome, Commander Riker.
You're welcome, I'm sure.
You're welcome, ladies.
You're with me, Lieutenant.
You're with me, Mister Worf.
You're with me, okay?
You're with us.
You're wonderful.
You're wondering about Timothy?
You're wondering whether I'm seeing any other man.
You're worried about Geordi, aren't you?
You're worried about Nikolai, aren't you?
You're worried about what's going to happen to him?
You're worried.
You're wrong, Chorgan.
You're you again.
You're, you're not going to tell anyone about this?
You're, you're trapped?
You've accepted the challenge and there is nothing further to say.
You've accomplished nothing.
You've acted in the best interest of your ship and crew.
You've admitted your crime.
You've all seen my experimental data.
You've already betrayed your people, Admiral.
You've already cooperated, Captain, just by coming here.
You've already decided not to listen.
You've already done that.
You've already got all the players you need.
You've already got her.
You've already lost, Picard.
You've already seen it.
You've already tried to escape once.
You've also got heightened electrophoretic activity.
You've also seen it in what I can do.
You've always been there for me.
You've always said it's a chess game with the Romulans.
You've angered the Picard and we may all suffer for it.
You've assumed the exocomps would shut down before accepting this mission.
You've become something of a celebrity in cybernetic circles.
You've been a mortal all your life.
You've been a pain in our backside often enough.
You've been avoiding me.
You've been blind all your life?
You've been brooding behind that flute all evening.
You've been declared dead.
You've been doing your homework.
You've been down here dozens of times.
You've been dreaming of that starship of yours again, haven't you?
You've been drinking too much of that artificial stuff.
You've been eating for over an hour.
You've been glowing.
You've been gone forty six hours.
You've been great.
You've been here before.
You've been injured, but I think you're going to be all right.
You've been looking forward to the upgrade of the holodeck.
You've been making your true feelings quite clear.
You've been moving from starship to starship since Clara was two years old.
You've been my Counsellor.
You've been offered the Melbourne.
You've been right here with me.
You've been selected as his replacement.
You've been selecting for twenty minutes.
You've been slack, little one.
You've been so kind.
You've been talking about it for days.
You've been talking to Counsellor Troi.
You've been there?
You've been told many times.
You've been trained, you've been tested.
You've been wonderful these past few days.
You've been working for six hours straight.
You've both seen the message about the plague?
You've changed a lot in four years.
You've changed the resonator array.
You've changed.
You've come a long way, Reg.
You've constructed a positronic brain?
You've covered all the bases.
You've crossed over, Admiral.
You've delivered your message, so go back to your ship.
You've disappointed me, Jean-Luc.
You've done a superb job.
You've done a thorough job, Lieutenant.
You've done a wonderful thing for our people.
You've done so much for me.
You've done this before?
You've done very well for a human, Wyatt.
You've earned a rest.
You've earned the right to sit in those chairs.
You've eliminated all the technical explanations.
You've eliminated half the possibilities already.
You've found a new beginning for yourself.
You've found your long lost father, and he's alive.
You've frightened him.
You've get everybody wound up so tight there's no joy in anything.
You've given me nothing to believe in.
You've given me the identity of a Tal Shiar officer.
You've gone too far!
You've got a brain sickness for sure.
You've got a deal.
You've got a good crop here.
You've got a lot deal of explaining to do.
You've got a lot on your shoulders.
You've got a problem here.
You've got all we can give you.
You've got him.
You've got it all wrong.
You've got it now.
You've got leaf miners.
You've got no right to make the decisions.
You've got some work cut out for you.
You've got the Bridge.
You've got the authority.
You've got the harder argument.
You've got till your next birthday to get that right.
You've got to be kidding.
You've got to choose your time and place with them.
You've got to do something.
You've got to enjoy life, relax, like I do.
You've got to go down there and talk to those people, Jean Luc.
You've got to go with what works.
You've got to help me!
You've got to help me.
You've got to keep this mixture above ninety percent or we'll never leave orbit.
You've got to lead.
You've got to let the commissioned officers do some of the work.
You've got to save the Enterprise.
You've got to send those people back to correct this.
You've got to take a look at this.
You've got your rotation factor.
You've had a rough couple of days.
You've had a severe injury, but you're going to be all right.
You've had a very interesting dream.
You've had people on our planet?
You've had practical experience aboard the Enterprise.
You've heard of the simulation aboard the Hathaway?
You've heard.
You've hurt me!
You've injected me with drugs.
You've just won this mother's heart, Captain.
You've kept a cool head, taken charge, and made some very difficult decisions.
You've known her longer than I have.
You've known the Captain for some time.
You've learned a great deal in a very short time.
You've learned this game very well.
You've lost everything.
You've lost sixteen years.
You've made a sale.
You've made it.
You've made tremendous progress.
You've made your choices, sir.
You've made your point.
You've made yourself judge, jury, and if necessary executioner.
You've made yourself very clear, sir.
You've met Commander Remmick, haven't you?
You've met Counsellor Troi.
You've never actually been to the ruins at Tagus Three, have you?
You've never been a parent.
You've never been as close to someone as you're about to be.
You've never forgiven me.
You've never had to watch a patient die from this disease.
You've no idea who she is?
You've not even met him.
You've nowhere left to go.
You've only got one microfusion interrelay in there?
You've opened the hearing to spectators?
You've piqued my interest, Number One.
You've put both of us in a very difficult position.
You've put together quite a little team.
You've raised me well, and I thank you for that.
You've reached the age of decision.
You've reached the end, Wesley.
You've reached the same conclusion, I know you have.
You've read the sundial hundreds of times.
You've recruited a few Prytt spies.
You've reported in, haven't you?
You've said so now.
You've scared the hell out of me, Finn.
You've seen how my executioners work.
You've seen the women of the planet.
You've seen your mission briefing?
You've shuttled in from the village?
You've spent a good deal of time on the surface.
You've spent too many years among humans.
You've studied Doctor Reyga's shield system.
You've taken a big step today.
You've taken quite a shift into the future yourself.
You've taken the Engineering qualification three times.
You've taught me to pursue the truth, no matter how painful it is.
You've told me what to eat, what to think, what to say.
You've understand perfectly so far.
You've wanted to tell him for a long time.
You've wasted our time with failed attempts to communicate with them or escape.
You've watched my logs.
You've weaned the baby.
You've won yourself a rare opportunity.
You've worked with her for a long time.
You've written a brilliant speech.
You, Deanna.
You, Ice man, where'd you find this?
You, Klingon, tell him.
You, Klingon.
You, Mister Worf?
You, Picard, and those like you are obsolete.
You, Tasha, and Geordi will beam up to the ship.
You, Tin Man.
You, an expert in humanity?
You, by definition, are part of our charter.
You, don't go away.
You, er, you told me about him.
You, however, did not.
You, ma'am, are eighty two years of age and a composer of Tao classical music.
You, madam.
You, of all people, deserve to be there.
You, of all people, know that.
You, of all people, should know.
You, oh, you're going to adore the mud baths.
You, our mother and father were not going to stay long.
You, pal, are a tough room.
You, sir, are eighty five years of age and a specialist in symbiotic plant life.
You, sir, you have a familiar bearing.
You, sir?
You, start running phase-lock feedback through that regulator.
You, stay here.
You, the anarchist, reject authority in any form.
You, the collaborator, defer to whoever has control.
You, the wolf, my father.
You, too, understand the proper value of women.
You, who have brought to life this lie and called it Kahless?
You, you gave her consciousness?
You, you're sure?
You, you, you know about that?
You.
Young Mister Crusher started that.
Young Wesley, he'd been manning that station for me.
Young children are sometimes frightened of the world.
Young man, I have a maxim that I have always lived by.
Young man, I've lived here a long time.
Young people won't allow it.
Younger scientists will take my place.
Your Bridge shift begins at twenty three hundred hours.
Your Captain Riker is the kind of negotiator even the Ferengi should avoid.
Your Captain and I will bring him to the cargo bay.
Your Captain back there.
Your Captain is most impressive.
Your Captain is not what he appears to be.
Your Captain.
Your Chief of Security?
Your DNA patterns chosen?
Your DNA was also found on the message control module.
Your Doctor Crusher is most capable; I'm sure he'll be all right.
Your First Officer has described the details of the incident with the Ferengis.
Your First Officer.
Your Honour, I appreciate your indulgence.
Your Honour, I offer in evidence prosecution's exhibit A, a rod of par-steel.
Your Honour, Starfleet was founded to seek out new life.
Your Honour, the courtroom is a crucible.
Your Honour, what more can be said?
Your Honour.
Your Latin has improved.
Your Number One.
Your Persian flaw.
Your Second Officer will assassinate you for the same reasons.
Your accomplishments are truly remarkable.
Your action could be interpreted as an act of war.
Your actions are duly noted.
Your actions are in violation of our treaty with the Cardassians.
Your actions have been wholly criminal.
Your actions in this matter will reflect on this ship and on the Federation.
Your actions reflect very badly on this ship and on that uniform.
Your actual intent was to emphasise that you did enjoy yourself.
Your address in Marta's an eating establishment.
Your adoptive parents are in Starfleet, aren't they?
Your advanced technology has proven inadequate?
Your advice, Counsellor.
Your age?
Your agreement to join me on the final leg of this expedition.
Your ale, Ensign.
Your alien images again shock us.
Your ambushes would be more successful if you bathed more often.
Your ancestor.
Your anger toward me is, in fact, the animosity you feel toward your father.
Your animal?
Your announcement about coming down has sent him almost to a point of panic.
Your annual physical isn't due for another month.
Your answer would be meaningless.
Your answers will dictate our response.
Your apology is worthless to me.
Your apprehension suggested it, when we first arrived.
Your archaic cultures are authority driven.
Your arguments have reminded me how precious the right to choose is.
Your arm has been amputated then surgically reattached.
Your arm is strong, but you need practice.
Your arm.
Your arrival created this problem.
Your arrival here may have upset some very delicate negotiations.
Your arrival really is serendipitous.
Your artificial heart.
Your attempt at a delay will not be successful, Number One.
Your attempt to capture our ship has failed.
Your attitude is most puzzling.
Your attitude is quite understandable.
Your away team.
Your barbarous Federation placed it on one of our planets!
Your bedside manner is admirable, Doctor.
Your behaviour has been erratic.
Your being here was just a fortunate happenstance.
Your being here?
Your best handout is from a young fella with his lady.
Your bet, Mister Crusher.
Your bioscan came out negative.
Your blood chemistry is way off.
Your blood has no fire.
Your blood pressure and glucose are indicative of general systemic stress.
Your blood stains were found at the murder scene.
Your body's not that bad.
Your brain isn't sophisticated enough.
Your brain will regulate both systems.
Your bravery as fighters is known.
Your brother has had good reason to be bitter.
Your brother is an influential man.
Your brother sent me here to protect you.
Your brother tells me that you still won't speak to him.
Your brother was right handed!
Your captain and I have a lot to cover.
Your captain is under attack.
Your capture was a simple matter.
Your career in Starfleet would be finished.
Your career is over.
Your career was safe.
Your cha'DIch.
Your chair offers a lovely view of my planet, Picard.
Your character feels at odds with everyone, as if the world's against him.
Your child-like mind cannot appreciate the timeworn wisdom of my words.
Your children will understand that they are dying for a worthy cause.
Your choice.
Your clarity of thought.
Your clothes, you look like you've been in some kind of accident.
Your colleague Soren was very helpful.
Your colleagues' exploration of the core memory put our mission at risk.
Your collection has been confiscated.
Your colony was attacked by a warship.
Your company is much appreciated.
Your company is not at issue.
Your compassion.
Your computer designed her to be a person of impeccable integrity.
Your computer had safety precautions.
Your concern is noted.
Your concern was justified, Ambassador.
Your confusion is only human.
Your construction also differs.
Your continued presence on this ship.
Your contractions are now only thirty seconds apart.
Your converter interface'll never hold up.
Your coordinates now read two three seven point one zero one.
Your courage honours me, Captain.
Your courtesy is appreciated, sir.
Your cowardice does not befit a Romulan soldier.
Your cranial lobes, for instance, they seem to be surgical implants.
Your creator went to a lot of trouble to make you seem human.
Your crew is excellently trained, Captain.
Your crewmates here in my little ship in a bottle, seem a bit more optimistic.
Your crewmen could be held in any number of places.
Your culture will adapt to service ours.
Your daddy won't mind.
Your daughter has explained your telepathic ability.
Your daughter is lovely.
Your deal.
Your deaths will be swift and painless.
Your deaths.
Your deception offends me, brother.
Your decision could have been unilateral.
Your defensive capabilities are unable to withstand us.
Your departure solves it.
Your devotion to duty is admirable, Commander, but Doctor Crusher is right.
Your devotion to duty is commendable, if belated.
Your devotion to etiquette is highly admirable, sir.
Your discommendation is a facade to protect less honourable men.
Your discovery has produced a great deal of excitement, Premier.
Your dream of reunification is not dead.
Your duty seems clear, sir.
Your duty was to respect the Captain's orders and to uphold the Prime Directive.
Your ears.
Your edge.
Your efforts to discredit me will not succeed!
Your efforts will no longer be required!
Your elbow.
Your empathic powers told you all this about me?
Your empire fell prey to a supernova.
Your encounter with the Borg was over seven thousand light years away.
Your enemies have been destroyed.
Your energy supply must be as abundant as I've heard.
Your engagements have given us valuable time.
Your engines have engaged, haven't they, Ensign?
Your entry codes can be easily reconfigured after we depart.
Your escort will with you shortly.
Your every silence speaks volumes.
Your exact message.
Your existence is done.
Your existence must be a kind of walking purgatory.
Your experiences may not have adequately prepared you.
Your eye device does.
Your eyes and skin look so strange.
Your eyes.
Your face.
Your families, all of them, will be there beside you.
Your family has never valued honour.
Your father alone had the will to endure, to face the pain, to live.
Your father and I are just catching up.
Your father claims quite strenuously that he is innocent.
Your father decided to build yet another android, one who didn't have emotions.
Your father didn't really see the point.
Your father fell at Khitomer.
Your father has been so looking forward to this.
Your father is part of you, always.
Your father liked him very much.
Your father liked to cook?
Your father lost several prototypes before Lore.
Your father made it a few weeks after you were born.
Your father used to bring me here.
Your father wants to do this by himself.
Your father was a traitor.
Your father was human, Deanna.
Your father will be hours.
Your father would be so pleased.
Your father's work may save your world, my dear.
Your fault?
Your feelings toward her remain quite passionate.
Your feelings.
Your fever finally broke this morning.
Your fierce devotion comes from within.
Your fifty, and fifty more.
Your finely-honed Betazoid sense tells you that?
Your first priority will be to get them to Sickbay.
Your first step, your first tooth, nothing.
Your first visit to a holodeck, Doctor?
Your first watch at Ops?
Your five.
Your fleet deployments do not concern us.
Your food is getting cold, Captain.
Your food supply is not on the same deck as the Selay delegation, sir.
Your forces are weak, Gowron.
Your friend Louis wants you to contact him as soon as you're settled.
Your friends from the Federation have returned.
Your friends have deserted you.
Your friends've got time for one drink, haven't they, Dix?
Your friends.
Your friendship with me was part of the deception, was it not?
Your full name?
Your future affairs?
Your future contains wonders you can't even imagine.
Your geographical location, your philosophical beliefs, the colour of your eyes.
Your goal is not to destroy but to assimilate us into the collective.
Your god up there may insist that we obey our non-interference directive.
Your good word?
Your goose is cooked but good.
Your grandfather and I will greet you with all the love in our hearts.
Your grandmother had remarkable green eyes.
Your grandmother was a doctor?
Your grandmother's lover?
Your grandson?
Your greatest fear has been that you couldn't make that decision.
Your guidance is much valued, Counsellor.
Your guidance is now up and running.
Your gut?
Your hair and your clothing, they have changed as well.
Your hair is looking particularly silky tonight.
Your hair's a little longer, isn't it, Worf?
Your head is not an artefact.
Your heart is Klingon.
Your heart rate just shot way up.
Your help has been invaluable during my recovery, but, look, I'm better.
Your help would be appreciated, Doctor.
Your help.
Your hesitation suggests you are trying to protect my feelings.
Your holodeck activities can wait until later.
Your honour, there is only one issue, and one relevant piece of evidence.
Your honour, we'll stipulate to all of this.
Your hospitality leaves a hell of a lot to be desired!
Your humanity slipping away.
Your hypnotism revealed another form of duality?
Your hypothesis is certainly plausible.
Your ideas on bio-active interfaces border on revolutionary.
Your ignorance is astonishing.
Your imagination is running	 away with you.
Your information is incorrect, Commander.
Your information is incorrect.
Your information is unreliable.
Your invitation was unexpected.
Your involvement in this affair is going to be thoroughly investigated, Will.
Your job well, you know what your job is.
Your jurisdiction is based entirely on the threat of violence.
Your knowledge of Klingon curses is impressive.
Your knowledge of our systems and procedures is very impressive, Sir.
Your knowledge of us is unacceptable.
Your krellide storage cells are losing their charge.
Your language has no word for the position I'll hold.
Your last valet tried so hard to rid me of it.
Your lawyer has been dead for centuries.
Your leeway has run out, Captain.
Your life as it has been is over.
Your life form surprises me more and more.
Your life is in danger here.
Your life is in danger.
Your life will be at stake.
Your limbs are still weak.
Your little plan might have cost a lot of lives.
Your little toy worked.
Your logs said that a Commander Morag had been harassing you.
Your long night, and mine, are over.
Your loyalty to Sarek or your duty to the Federation.
Your medical supplies have been found in rebel strongholds.
Your memories and knowledge will remain intact.
Your memories are gone as well?
Your memory is not very reliable.
Your men are behind that door.
Your mentors?
Your message said you'd suffered a failure in your engine core.
Your metabolism's messed up, so's my interface with the Visor.
Your metabolism's stabilising.
Your method is fine.
Your method of communication is most elegant and quite beautiful.
Your middle name.
Your military record, what we know of it, is clear.
Your mind probes could kill her.
Your minds are so unsophisticated I can read your thoughts in my sleep.
Your minds call it death.
Your missing link.
Your mission is at your discretion.
Your mission will be to evacuate the colony on Dorvan Five.
Your mission will be to locate and to evacuate them.
Your mistake, Tomalak.
Your modesty is very human, Captain.
Your mom promised me a tour of the ship tomorrow.
Your money?
Your moon has begun moving toward its perigee.
Your mother and I loved you so much.
Your mother brought you on the Bridge.
Your mother didn't.
Your mother doesn't want to see you, Deanna.
Your mother has died.
Your mother has the situation well in hand.
Your mother is quite an expert.
Your mother is still down on the planet, Deanna.
Your mother is the first to learn our telepathy.
Your mother never told me about you.
Your mother relented.
Your mother seems quite an interesting woman, Deanna.
Your mother told me of your need.
Your mother was dead.
Your mother would have been proud of you.
Your mother's dead.
Your mother's honest.
Your mother's just come aboard.
Your mother, my father and mother.
Your mother?
Your muscles are still sorting out their new signals.
Your name is Marissa.
Your name is Mavek.
Your name's come up a couple of times.
Your name?
Your names all mean surrender.
Your nervous system probably has to get used to the input levels.
Your neurofibre waves are functioning almost normally again.
Your neutrinos are drifting.
Your new warp core is malfunctioning again?
Your next task is clear.
Your objection is noted.
Your objection is overruled.
Your objectivity, as always.
Your offer is appreciated but our security forces are more than adequate.
Your offer may be inadequate, but I will discuss it with my staff.
Your offer of help has given us a possible means of survival.
Your offers both have merit, gentlemen.
Your omelettes deserve no less.
Your only alternative, Data, is to fire.
Your only chance to get off this ship alive is to do as I say.
Your only concern is with how you obey my orders.
Your only hope is to turn Bok over to them and tell them that he deceived you.
Your only son, Ma.
Your opinion of the Tal Shiar quite clear, Commander.
Your order is nullified!
Your orders are to cooperate fully with him.
Your orders, sir.
Your orders.
Your origins on Earth are from the American continent, are they not?
Your own test proved it.
Your pa's no match for Sheriff Worf.
Your pardon, Sovereign.
Your parents wanted you to learn to understand Vulcan?
Your parents will be safe now.
Your parents, your home?
Your past does not excuse unethical or immoral behaviour, sir.
Your patient has lost a great deal of blood from multiple lacerations.
Your patterns got caught in the beam.
Your people are safe.
Your people don't need it.
Your people have been forced to resettle all over the quadrant.
Your people have terms.
Your people prepare a warm welcome.
Your people probably all have great strength.
Your people will be assimilated as easily as Picard has been.
Your perceptions may have been exaggerated.
Your performance shows feeling.
Your performance skills really are improving.
Your personal is none of my business.
Your phaser won't work.
Your philosophy is curious, Captain.
Your pity?
Your place of birth?
Your places would never be reversed.
Your plan has failed.
Your planet has what, thirty, forty years left?
Your planet was dying.
Your plasma flow to the nacelles is out of sync.
Your playing is quite beautiful.
Your point is well taken, Counsellor.
Your point is well taken, Mister Data.
Your point of view, not mine.
Your point of view.
Your point, Admiral?
Your point, Counsellor?
Your point, Doctor?
Your point, Mister Data?
Your point, Mister La Forge?
Your position is unique.
Your positronic net would ionise in no time.
Your powers are infinitesimal compared to mine.
Your powers are truly boundless.
Your preliminary report had a couple of interesting theories, Reg.
Your presence honours us, and your timing is fortuitous, Captain.
Your presence is not wanted.
Your presence is requested.
Your prisoner has been returned to you and you have a decision to make.
Your programme won't allow you to fire.
Your progress, Q?
Your prosthesis.
Your protection, your Captain, your crew, your edge.
Your proximity is interfering with my scan.
Your published writings have been sporadic for the last decade.
Your pulse has gone up.
Your purpose, Enterprise?
Your reactions are not surprising.
Your readings must be telling you the same things we're getting.
Your report shows that it deliberately attacked.
Your report, Ensign.
Your report, Mister La Forge.
Your report.
Your reputation precedes you.
Your reputation proceeds you.
Your request does not fall within current guidelines.
Your request for a delay is denied.
Your research on this ship is over.
Your resistance is hopeless, Number One.
Your response is emotional and irrational.
Your responses were most intriguing.
Your responsibility is to the ship.
Your restraint was most remarkable.
Your reward for clearing the first level.
Your reward, as promised.
Your rhythmic control has improved markedly.
Your right eye is point zero zero four higher than your left.
Your right leg is broken.
Your rights?
Your sacrifice will not go unnoticed.
Your sanctuary, remember?
Your sanity is not in question.
Your scan was inconclusive.
Your schedule is on hold, until I have a satisfactory explanation of this.
Your science project involved radishes, did it not?
Your scientists have forgotten how everything works.
Your secret is safe with me.
Your security status?
Your self portrait is so practiced, so polished.
Your sensors indicated no intelligent life forms?
Your sensors wouldn't detect him if he were dead.
Your service record says that you are alive.
Your service record shows you're just the Chief Medical Officer I want.
Your service to both our peoples is greatly appreciated, Captain.
Your service to this ship has been exemplary.
Your shields were failing, sir.
Your ship carries medical supplies for them, for the other side.
Your ship is again in our space.
Your ship is almost clear.
Your ship is gone, Captain.
Your ship is in good hands, but we need to get you to our Sickbay.
Your ship will end up right back where it started.
Your ship will never outlast this part.
Your ship's design uses an electromagnetic coil to constrict the exhaust flow.
Your ship.
Your shipboard problems do not concern me.
Your ships will leave the nebula one by one.
Your shuttle blew up.
Your single-mindedness, your need to have this experiment work.
Your sister never spoke of you.
Your skill impresses me.
Your society is dedicated exclusively to the production of a single product.
Your son has been injured.
Your son is to stand trial for murder.
Your son laughs.
Your son will stand trial.
Your son's most intense memories revolve around a young woman named Jenina.
Your son.
Your species have very narrow perceptions of time and space and thought.
Your species is always suffering and dying.
Your staff is all well, I presume, Director?
Your starship command against?
Your status?
Your strategy failed.
Your superiors will be quite pleased.
Your support is appreciated, Counsellor.
Your sword, sir.
Your tactical knowledge and experience will serve them well.
Your talent has always been there.
Your telepathic powers could bring us both great profit.
Your temperature has dropped almost eight degrees.
Your ten and ten.
Your testimony got him arraigned.
Your thoughts on our next encounter?
Your thoughts to my thoughts.
Your thoughts, they're primal, savage.
Your threats are meaningless now.
Your three and ten more.
Your time has expired.
Your time is up, Captain.
Your top priority is to protect the Cardassian treaty.
Your tour of the Bridge has been most informative.
Your transcript is very impressive.
Your transporter room assignment has been changed.
Your twenty and I'll raise you fifty.
Your twenty, and fifty more.
Your twenty, one hundred more.
Your two, and three hundred more.
Your vessel, for instance.
Your victory, sir, is well earned.
Your vision of Doctor Soong.
Your visor will be returned to you, but first I want to show you something.
Your visor?
Your visual acuity's improving by the hour, Geordi.
Your vital signs are rather atypical for a Klingon.
Your voice will now activate Third Level clearance.
Your vulnerability to the microorganism is.
Your weapons will only amplify the time distortion.
Your weapons, Lieutenant Yar.
Your weapons, please.
Your what?
Your whisper from the dark has now become a plea.
Your wife.
Your willingness to assist is appreciated by both our peoples.
Your wish is my command.
Your word has always been good enough for me.
Your word.
Your words are wasted, Commander.
Your words mean nothing here.
Your work is over.
Your work's very important to you.
Your writings, your Starfleet file.
Your young lady, she did not come?
Your zoo?
Your, er, friends tried to get at it.
Yours and mine.
Yours cannot?
Yours is a different world.
Yours is about diplomacy, politics, strategy.
Yours, not mine!
Yours, of course.
Yourself, Data?
Youth.
Yridian tea.
Yum.
Yuri, don't let her escape.
Yuta of the clan Tralesta.
Yuta, a light meal in twenty minutes.
Yuta, don't do this.
Yuta, you're an excellent chef, but you speak in riddles.
Yvette Gessard.
Zaldans are infuriated by courtesy.
Zaldans have webbed fingers?
Zena and Aran are waiting to take Alexandra.
Zero one five.
Zero one nine.
Zero one two.
Zero point six.
Zero seven zero, mark six three, sir.
Zero three two two exactly.
Zero two five mark two seven three.
Zero two nine mark zero.
Zero two one mark zero.
Zero zero nine.
Zero zero one mark zero four five.
Zero.
Zima and Bakor.
Zima at Anzo.
Zorn, an unidentified vessel has entered into orbit with us.
Zorn.
